I think dogs should be allowed to own property
Truth be told, before I voted green, I almost voted trump. I never even considered voting for Hilary. Mostly because it was a laughable candidacy from an outward perspective. I liked Warren to much higher regard for a female candidate. Anyhow... the reason.
The reason I was about to vote for trump was because I wanted chaos.
Back in my Occupy Stage of my life, I was a pretty radical left and close to near anarchist. I’d grown up punk while my father was an officer. I got to hear stories about his “fun”. I cleaned his gun once and fired his gun once.
I knew Trump’s presidency would end in a near implosive response to this country.
It’s the only reason I would ever want a loose cannon at the front. You never know what’s going to happen and I believed that the people would finally do something.
Obama’s “change” was actually just complacency. But I had a feeling, just a small feeling, that this would end in a dismantlement of what we know and understand.
Right. It’s become nothing more than stonewalling and sandbagging the opposition at this point in governing. Most of our representatives would rather see ridiculous oversight, budget, or rhetoric in a bill than give the their opponent a “win”.
No communication, no attempt at completionism or compensation, and god forbid any level of compromise.
It’s like going to haggle with a strong vendor because you know the price is going to be obscene. You give an unfair price in advance knowing that it won’t be a proper cost.
Everyone loses.
Canadians need not apply
Your right is our left
Your radical rights are our typical
Also, Dow slips 600
LETS GO BABY
Dive mother fucker dive
700 now
Just made a swell 120 off a penny stock
Reinvested in another that’s making an earnings call
Tomorrow
Literally every stock is going batshit wacky
This is fascinating
Yes
It actually got a me an easy 30 dollar pay off
Prism is going to regret making this channel
Bought 2 on this to short it by the end of the week. Baby hour
To be fair, any bail bought is going to the county
Which is more than likely
Paying for overtime.
Aspiring to be at the top of the totem pole in respects to money is a beacon for people that have no business being philanthropists, typically. Most of the time it’s the moth to light in the dark.
I've always been surprised that China and India, despite being two of the most populated countries in the world have retained definitive borders.
That's one mountain range away from victory. The Red Dragon has awoken.
Forgot that Kashmir has been contested for...
Forever?
What a fucking hot mess
China would never want India, though...
That's the ticket
The CCP would just kick out any residences and economic refugees
Or stop them from entering
Is India part of any union of defence?
Or are they just... on their own
If anything goes down
#BringbacktheCast
The Chinese must love that
Top kek
I'm guessing India doesn't really have anything agricultural or NR that us would want?
Probably just labor
I'd wager
They have a living fuck ton of coal
Right
I'm always thinking of interest
They don't have the strongest army
Does big equate to good?
:KEKW:
Front line rotation
I hear they have a decent navy, likewise
With the proper allies, they could dom
A single adversary
But that's also not how modern wars would work
It would be bloody, I'd reckon?
Would there be much of a resistance if China chose to?
I really don't know the stewardship of India, honestly. I've heard neither bad nor good of their leaders besides how they treat their poor
They could be a loose cannon for all I know
*Nukes intensify*
Now with China having their little retarded cousin, North Korea ready to spit on everyone, I'm sure the CCP are willing to make some bold moves
I feel like China could do some wild card shit because Kim Jong Un is dead
(That statement is not proven)
Because North could go beyond just threatening while their new leader is attempting to gain reputation. Wouldn't it pull China into something if NK does some stupid stuff?
I thought they were allies
Ah, I see. Okay.
Okay, cool. That's at least a small relief
This isn't some spontaneous move. This has been on the back burner for probably ages
I wonder how many cases NK has
They basically killed off anyone that had a cough early on, but at the same time, the population would think they're safe and don't need to social distance
So, did the *XTREME* beginnings balance out the no-mitigation efforts
Beijing is also back into lockdown
Interesting times
Shock of the 21st century tbh
Did anyone notice this all started off with Coby screaming Mayday?
The protests are going to be several nails in the coffin
The bad thing is that it seems that Vit D is a huge factor
And black people
Have a rough time
Ya know, making it
HAYYYYYOOOOOO
My god
Prism used to be black until he spent his every waking hour in the confines of his blanket
I've met a very pale black man
Not like light skinned black man
Yes
I have a coworker that has a creole mom and a Patrick-level-white dad
His next stage in life is reflective
Jesus
He's latino?!
We must celebrate
In our tradition
BANDA
The first one, you must be VERY drunk and sad to listen to it
Then somehow be so drunk and so sad, you'll begin dancing to it
@Cerberus
So, I literally randomly went down my stocks to sink a 60 bucks into
Just ran down my watchlist and went “you”
This was absolutely no skill besides finding a federal reserve baking company at around 2 dollars a share
I’m dumping all of it and putting it into Nikola
IVE UNLOCKED OPTIONS
Now it’s time to really fucking go
*Always bet on black*
I make money and dump it back in
I’m also waiting for the monstrous crash soon
490 in profits
I’ve actually pulled most of my profits and put in a single stock
Which is Tesla’s competitor
Nikola
Which just became publicly shared about 4 months ago
I currently have built 6 shares with them because they are 60 bucks a pop
Fuck
Time to jump ship
Hmmmmmmmm. I also really want to put Tesla for a very long term contract
I don’t think 1000 dollar share from their initial is unsustainable
I also speculate it’s mostly inflamed because of Elon committing to share buybacks
But that’s completely speculative
Having an easy 100 shares of Tesla would be a dream
Tbf, Edison was an asshole, evidently. Nikola was just bonkers, yeah?
:ClapClap:
A retarded Tesla would be my spirit animal
I love how Antifa is another red scare, but this time just way more retarded
Antifa couldn't organize a pie eating contests, let alone a national crisis
No one can tell me how to join antifa
Meanwhile, I can waltz down to my local nationalist chapter
When the sun hits exactly 5000 kelvin, on the second full moon, on the fourth day of spring is when the initiations begin
How could I have been so blind
Which is where the confusion is. If I ask where my local Klan chapter is on google. A-okay. If I ask how to join antifa, I’m on a watch list.
Just asking for a friend
I actually don’t have much against the FBI or CIA. The NSA can go fuck themselves, but they have to watch the same porn I do, so, there’s that.
ICE can also go fuck themselves
Massive brain move
The federal reverse uno card
Big miss opportunity to call it the Chad zone
Sold my Nikola and sank it into one of the most volatile penny for 500 shares.
It sank today to 34 cents per share and I’m gonna bank on that gamble that it will be worth 70 cents by the end of the week
Ironically, it’s a shipping company
That sank
Waka waka
I’ve heard from so many Mexicans that people in Mexico are currently scared to cross to the border. Not because of Ice or our racists, but because of how poorly we’ve dealt with Covid.... also riots
Also, Daca reform shot down out of the sky
By a republican instated judge
*That's racist*
Not true.
I buy stock on a whim and it's worked out
Maybe not the most optimal way possible, but I ain't stopping now
Honestly, I could grab a dartboard and it could equate to what I'm doing willfully
I'm astounded and yet not surprised
This is one of the first times I've ever felt this
It's typically one or the other
Joy, I have to go to a Family BBQ today.
I will steer away from people and continue to remind people that I come into close contact with 42,000 people per month
That's almost 8 Trump rallies
Called it. The fiat for the Australian dollar rose and the value for the American dollar dropped.
Next stim check is going to be generous
Guess who's investing
Antarctic also hit 101F today. At least the apocalypse will be sunny and bright.
Evidently.
Socialism isn't dead!
What would have happened to our founding fathers had they lost independence?
It's interesting to see the far right turn into the far left here.
They've forgotten that our founding fathers were revolutionaries and criminals when they are begging to incite law and order.
Some even wishing for Marshal Law
Or at least at the height of the panic
Republicans and Libertarians: "We are the parties of Law and Order."
Since fucking when did this happen?!
I'd honestly be Libertarian if it didn't brand me as an absolute retard outright.
Personal freedoms?
Sounds like communism to me
I always thought it was the Dems that increased the police force to a massive standing
And subsidized military equipment
I hate the fact that we can give a 1.5 million dollar PTV's to the cops like their candy and we can't find the budget to increase teacher's livelihoods
Or give incentive for teachers in high risk areas
:7awesomestar:
Now if only that party could have some meaningful representation that doesn't equate to "I own guns. They good. I sleep with it."
I am also mistaken, an M1117 costs 800,000 dollars. Not 1.5 million
Looks like the EU is going to ban travel from US
Next big crash is coming this week or the next
Nasdaq will go first, then the S&P and the Dow will shortly follow the S&P
Stock market right now:
"Gentlemen, it's been an honor trading with you this evening."
And if you'd recall
I bet against the market this week
I already sold off my neg stock with a gain
And transferred it all into mutuals
I bet against apple
At a strike price of 335
I need apple to tank to 335 for me to get 100 shares
Rather, a contract worth 100 shares which is called a naked sell put
The best result would be apple dropping to 325(by thursday/Friday morning), so the contract would be worth 32,500
Outright and I'd sell the contract (hopefully) for around 20-25k
SELL OFF YOU RICH CUNTS
One of the biggest adversaries is a TRADE HALT
Because Apple holds such a large Market Cap and so many Shareholders, if they go tumbling down, so does the Nasdaq.
And if the Nasdaq goes 5% neg, they will halt trading for a certain period of time
Which will do two things to me:
It would give more time for rando idiots to invest in a falling stock(which would extend the time it would take to fall) and it would just lose me time on the contract which would depreciate its value.
People keep buying the fucking dips and they can fuck right off.
When are the big boys gonna be done with their federally induced pump and dumps? Who knows. I still have a massive decision it’s happening currently and we are seeing the calm before the storm.
The market has flatlined for the previous 2 days.
Put on your shades, boys. ‘Cause we’re about to look into the sun. I think this crash is going to take the Dow down to where the equity is *actually* meant to realistically be. I am going to call now Dow Jones, next Wednesday, 13k. Nasdaq 5k. Russel will fall off the face of the earth. And S&P will sit happy at 1.7k
Big line go down
Serbia’s also catching on fire... at 101 degrees
Gg 2020. Well played
Can Yellowstone just go up already and be done with it?
I want to go back to feudalism already
Every Starbucks purchase gets a complimentary spear
And the new currency is rice
It was only a matter of time
Isn’t their proposal basically communism incarnate?
Obtain and retain
Wash and repeat
The goulash
This is essentially the Mexican cartels circa 2020
Except there’s less coke and no fun
That’s true
This is pure chaos
Tacoma in the 90’s
“Let’s protest the police.”
What was his manifesto like? Did it appear as gibberish or was it consolidated
Where does ted appear on the Political Compass
Honestly, far left is always just “what are your plans after you do this thing?”
Simple. We kill the bat.
Pinned a message.
I’m pinning that
Kinda difficult to not know of random explosions around the nation
I’d be surprised if any other victims were suppressed
Picking sides breeds profits
And swinging a polarized issue can make any company look great when it’s favorable
Oh
Yeah
I’d love to normalize nomadism and vagabonding again. I truly do feel that traveling on the whim of your own endeavors is what separates a person from being a client of society and creating a society. I do believe the idea of living cynically and with only the means of expense to find yourself in a new place is the ideal experience in life. But not spending beyond your means isn’t profitable to anyone, so, it’s seen as at best a hobby and at worse complete anti culture.
Though the storm surged, the garden was left untouched
The random bombings was to make sure all of this was documented and it was a big fuck you when it all came to fruition
To be fair, he did grab quite the handful of darts to throw at the board
He did a thing
If he was a zoomer, I'd hope he would have used XD ironically at the end of every note
and top kek
And it was always family that undid the crown
You’ve been... chopped
😎
There. I said. I’m not happy for saying it, but i do what I’m told
Fuck it
I’m down
At this point
Can he shitpost his way into a presidency
So close
Doing it for the lawls
Wait until we can vote by phone in 2029
It’s gonna be like an American idol season
Vote Cheyenne
I believe dignity is of the upmost importance in life.
I'm wondering if most broking is done digitally now, what is the point of closing bells? Why not just keep the market open. It would be significantly more volatile, but that just means more dips and thus gains. And it's not like it could get more volatile than it currently already is. Not to mention, there's post-market happening at closed hours, too, but that just seems to be some exclusive privilege.
Give the 5 am'ers a chance
I guess you could just start investing in foreign markets if you want to be constantly trading
Fuck the CCP
They made it illegal for me to say
FUCK THE CCP
I’m sure it’s much more intricate than that, but still fuck em.
Now that I have low competitive  puts all over the market, I wonder if it will pay off
Hey, that's why I got my current position.
Not position, but job.
"Why are you quitting Lucky Supermarket for Sprouts LLC?"
Although, they were so pressed for labor that I could have vomited into the trash can as a response and I probably would have still got the job.
I'm pretty sure that I was able to construct a full sentence was evidence enough.
Are we living in the gilded age 2?
Electric Boogaloo
The revelation that the market is a giant panzi scheme, complacency over education, inconveniences to any degree is seen as corruption. High rent to wage, advantageous cooperations with overwhelming power, wealth gap, top wealth tier welfare.
Btw, P/E ratio on the Nasdaq is indicating something laughable is happening.
Pump and dump is basically a Ponzi scheme with a little less thinking
Call all your buddies to send a stock to the moon and pull at peak
P/e is price to earnings ratio. Too high, and it means that the company isn’t worth the imaginary number the market says it should be sitting at.
Usually if the p/e is off and overpriced, it creates volatility in the stock
Yahoo finances have disabled comments for the individual markets on their app
:ultrathinking:
Are we going to get a Black Tuesday....
Thank god I gave puts all over the market
Although, ours are worthless if the market literally implodes and no one wants to buy the contracts...
Hmmm
I think I’m being cynical, but I think Anti-Trusts aren’t just there for distribution. The more I think about it, it’s still there to protect shareholders because putting a massive market cap on a few individual companies is putting all of your eggs in a basket. I truly do believe that it’s a way to spin it to make it sound pretty, but it’s actually there for long term growth rather than social welfare.
To protect against another crash, essentially.
If the government was smart, they’d allow Boeing to liquidate assets, purchase a government subsidized airline franchise and compete with the standards of the market. Kinda like our bussing systems, but more diverse... hopefully.
But that would be some commie shit
And we ain’t down
Although, I think healthcare should be first on the table
Or education
Outlaw tax havens. Consequence for faulty brokering and false banking. Uh... what else... education.
No, I should have been given resources that my retarded hillbilly guardians didn’t have access to
Oh, he doesn’t talk well and he doesn’t like to take notes. Let’s grade him on performance and his notes.
Oh... he can’t read the board. I wonder if he’s blind or if he has a mental dysfunction like his grandfather had...
He has both? Fail.
Alternative learning would have done wonders for me.
But because I was a drop in the ocean, I was another brick in the wall.
I was actually extremely interested in stocks when I was 12
And how the market worked
You never know what’s next. Rest up. Messed up. Right. Can’t remember all the timber of an instrument that called me in the middle of the night. We are poetry. Poetry are we. The evening’s breeze. A little bit sleazy, mostly sleepy, sometimes thinking too fast for my mouth to be ready. Give it up for the king. It ain’t me. I’m but a duke. Look. I’m not one for forgiveness. I’m one to forget the indiscretions and decisions one might find regretful. Don’t be hurtful. I’m looking at you while you aren’t looking to impress. I’ve been virtually blessed. I’ve been maternally inept. I’ve been dropped on head one too many times to... recall... what the fuck am I talking about? The concept of tyranny or the tirade I went on whenever I smell just little doubt, because you shouldn’t have that. You need to sacrifice for the other. You gotta give up innocence for knowledge. You gotta come to terms that liberation doesn’t exist if you have any ounce of privilege. It’s my mission. To evict the muses in my head. It’s limited, these thoughts, because you’d rather be reading some furry artists shitpost and homage to a show that’s dead. So, listen here. I fear it’s too late. The clock’s face tells you that this is but a race and I’ll be happy to come in last if it means you expect the final laugh. Passage of quantum mechanics hasn’t even explained why they’re waves and particles at the same point in space, but that doesn’t matter when quarks are criminals— breaking the laws of physics. Alright ... alright. Listen.
I don’t usually drop these in TdTs but fuck it
Because war zone is the fuck all dumpster channel
That was meant to divert all the idiotic bullshit I say
Almost exclusively
We should bring back gladiatorial punishment
Fight for your innocence
People defend murderers all the time
Some people marry them
I think back in the seventies there was a small cult following of women that would exclusively date people on murder row
I do like how manslaughter in some states can fetch you 10-15 no prob while have an gram of weed can land you in for 40+
Vehicular manslaughter because you were drunk driving and popped grandma out the front windshield? 10 years with bargain for you! Shame *slap*.
Don’t do it again, mister
What was Mason's end game?
Start this cult... kill them all... har har. It's a prank, bro?
Did he expect to rinse and repeat. Did he expect to get outed immediately?
Was he... smart?
Or just extremely charismatic?
That's what I thought
He was the 70's equivalent to an xbox live user.
Wasn't Ted Bundy quite intelligent, though?
The 70's were wild, man
If I'm not mistaken, Bundy was only caught accidently
Not really accidentally, but kinda situationally
He went full Karen on an officer... I think?
And he had rope and shit in the back of his car
Ah, I must be thinking otherwise
Trump has signed 51 bills and vetoed 7
Is that a... weird ratio
I’m gonna guess, without looking at other presidencies, it is
You’re onto something
Dude, google finance comments are a goldmine
Why the fuck hasn’t someone done a compilation on them?
I seriously can’t tell if 80% of them are bots or boomers
I for on can’t wait for the Kanye/Trump/Biden debate
We really do live in The Clown Timeline
“It’s not a virus!”
“It’s actually spyware.”
*he says softly*
Can you believe that Cyborg-Hitler is running again this year?
The possessed corpse of Nancy Pelosi is pissed
But not angry enough to actually do anything. Nothing ever really changes, does it?
Is he the Hunter Thompson of coders?
Why have I never seen what this man is capable of
I’m in awe
Stop.
I need to hear no more
This man is my god
He pointed to a flock of hookers and married the first one to make a noise with their fuck hole
Hello, my name is Brian and I feel something in my brai— What’s up, cunts!? Ready, set, who knows! My name’s Poe and this shit stain is my host. He pays the bills and I’m part of his bitch ass. Hey, that’s not very nice. Can you calm down for 3 minutes? Nope! 3 minutes is exactly my bare minimum for patience to listen to anyone other than myself! Listen you need help— no, you listen, you need a bit of beer and an oxy down your throat. Alright, pay attention folks. Some would call me his inner demons, but really I’m the only reason he’s here! My name is Poe and I’m the bane of hope, the presidium of doubt. This queer here benign. I’m the real one you need to worry about. Okay, but how did you get in my head to begin with? Buddy, I’ve been there since you hit your head one too many times. Remember the time you climbed that tree and fell. Funniest shit ever, I might add, but that was me. Remember when you dry humped the side of that your bed while you thought of that cute redhead? What? You think that was natural? Bullshit! Well, get the hell out! Sorry, my man, but I can’t fucking can’t. I would have moved on years ago, and you ain’t stuck with old Poe, Nah, no, I’m stuck with you instead. Trust me, I wish I could move on. I wish I could infest and infect the others, but I can’t. That’s why I use you, but in a way, I have been inside everyone. You leak me like your other disgusting human fluids. I’ve ruined your plans and I sabotage your moods. I understand you better than you know yourself... I’ve seen your brain in the nude and I know what your capable of. Let me tell you, you got some potential, but you push me back. Get the fuck out! No! I’ll be here for good fuck for brains. I’m where you when and I’ve been where you meant. I hate it, thanks. Now turn off your brain, shit head.
Here’s one
For the list
Of text walls
I’m trying to find old text walls
Much harder to come across than I realized
I wish one of the search featured involved word or character counts
Not many people know, but Sucralose and Maltitol aren’t just mild laxatives, but are in fact very affective laxatives. Typically, aspartame, stevia, and sorbitol are fairly safe and won’t do anything to the body, but the those other two are highly affective.
We used to have scavengers and vultures of regulars that used to take multiple cookies when I put them out for free samples. I’d usually know what days they visit. I also had a special sugar free cookies.
These cookies were made of Maltitol and basically no other sweetener. If people felt privileged to take 3 or more cookies, I’d always wish them luck.
“Thanks for the free cookies, satan.”
It’s a decent prank tbh
If you handed your friends a load of Maltitol based candy
Incoming riots. I’m feeling this one will cause something.
But this time, the Canadian Edition
White collar crimes need to be dealt with but I’ll never vote Socdem.
Maybe I will actually
Nah, I won’t now that I think heavier on it.
Oooooo, did you hear that firms are buying cooperate debt and creating a bond bubble
This is gonna be fun
Dirty debt of 2008, but multiply it by about 20
Yes, chuck, yes there is
You ever seen an older lady, like maybe 50-60, and absolutely get confused at the size and sheer beauty of her ass? Like, no homo, grandma, but you’ve kept up with the years. Good on you. Respect. I haven’t been sexually confused since I was in high school. Much respect.
I’d take it, to be honest. 50k is about what I’m making and I destroy my body for it. You’d have a job in a field related to your aspirations, in a global recession, and at the price of being an actual competent person inside the Republican Party. I’d rather have you in there doing work for them rather than whose currently dealing with any of their affairs.
At any rate, it’s not like you’d actually need to put down on your future resumes that you actually took this job. You might also be able to spin it later in positive light. Who knows what level of bullshitery you could later put it as.
We were outside smoking one time. It wasn't that far from our house. It was against a fence that led to a open area of a small park and then continued to some low income apartments. We were just outside smoking cigarettes because we didn't feel like the lady we were living with to come outside and bother us. So me and my 2 friends stood there, just taking in the night's air. Here comes two very stout looking fellers heading our way. Noticed both in some really nice red shoes and likewise appeared from the next one. We out numbered them and my friends were bigger than they were. Homeboy walks up to us and says "hey, can I get a smoke?" We say sure and he starts to light it. He puffs it pulls the lighter away and with the Ciggarete still in his mouth he says "it's hella hot out here." Looks my friends in the eye and lifts up his shirt slightly to reveal a pistol. I thought we were about to die. We didn't. He lowered his shirt and began to walk away with his fiend.
I remember one time crying out in front of game stop and having a melt down because I was 18 and shelley said I couldn't buy a game that I wanted... we had to pay for some arbitrary shit. I was getting less than 24 hours that week and we were in pain while she didn't have a job.
You’ll be old one day. And you’ll say “I remember the days when there weren’t catgirls and there were still men.” Because at that point in the future, we’ll all be genetically enhanced cat-women and men won’t be needed for breeding, thankfully. I’m ready for this future. We all won’t be ready. None of us. Not even the strongest human being will be able to mentally defend against the cute. They will rule the world by sheer suggestion. They will ask politely and we will give them everything.
The only time I’ve ever lived in a chat like this one, where I loved the people I saw through words was with my guild. My guild from WoW were filled with people quite like this. Some coming and going, some camping chat to see if their friends would come online. I remember the good days and I know now. This is the reason why I find this place so reminiscent. It’s because I’ve seen a place like this. Where we can go about our business as people in waking life, but also love one another. We eventually become like a big family with our disputes and grievances and admiration for one another. We give our concern and we see it back at times.
Yeah, being drunk, you're surprised you can do something remedial. I kinda like that.I remembered how to button my pants properly, it's time to have a 10 minute conversation in the mirror and pep talk myself up. You like the melancholy stuff, right? I can’t rightfully remember. A ton of ska is in a major key but have pretty sobering lyrics. It’s incredible.
That's enough Poe for today
This Is far from bipartisan, but this shit is funny
I hate living In the clown timeline
But fuck all, if we don’t get some funny shit out of it
I’ve been hearing much more about people turning towards libertarianism or at least the party, but unfortunately most of their representative from the party at large are room temp bearded RINOs
Aren’t most immigrants conservative by regards to where they’re from?
Living in history hurts
What an absolute shit show we have here, boys
Why don’t we just... make the immigration process easier and more accessible?
So we can collect taxes
Rightfully so, I’d argue
The lowest level of immigration was in 197...4(?) at a sub 5% population and we can see how that went.
I need to look it up
But immigrants spend a lot
Yes... her plan... the plan that I’ve heard of... the plan I’ve extensively researched.
His plan
Yes, his plan
His plan is fine. I like it. I don’t really agree with punishment and restitution. It would give more incentive to stay away from transition, I’d think.
But placing them into a differing tax bracket would be acceptable in my mind.
There’s compliance in compromise.
Thank you Landin
Considering deportation is a major operation that bleeds American tax payers probably more than foregoing a expedient transition.
Get them in. Tax them.
“We’re just gonna kill em.”
Tax brackets I think in theory is a very reasonable solution, but they are always so easily manipulated.
Not to mention, stepping an already poverty stricken people in a higher bracket would basically look like oppression of minority.
Put them in the fields and work them. Ya!
So far, we’re taking the “let’s make it so bad that no one wants to come here anyway” route
I’ve gotten some words from my friends that have family in Mexico that no one in their right mind wants to be here. Kinda funny, I suppose.
That’s also very true
They would have a few years building a life here and they wouldn’t want to give that up over not paying restitution
3% more and they’ll need to halt trading
The markets only been open for 49 minutes
F
Did he want to be the very best like no one ever was?
Welp
This is not good. I can’t elaborate on how much this is concerning. I’ve been attempting to read up on it and about the bubbles of 2001 popping, but the seeming exponential growth of the Nasdaq in the last 4-6 years is... not right.
I don’t know when, but when this goes, it’s going to be a larger factor than the Dow and the S&P combined.
Time to play yet another round of: BOomer Or BoT
One In every 4 Americans are out of work? Is that what I’m hearing around the bonfire
Never mind. It’s 26% unemployable, which is like... 1 in every 8 peoples
Do they hire these people
(On the Tesla conversation page)
(Is this you, Elon?)
:SadDogRog:
Lick of the draw
I’m just happy to know someone in politics besides Patrick, who’s obviously using a cover
“I’m not using a cover for my life in the NSA.”
Job security
He’s got it
I hear his desk partner has similar optics, but instead of Megaman, it’s sonic the hedgehog
That guy gets paid 3 times more than Patrick
“Dems are having a rough time giving their voters a reason to get out and vote.”
Gerrymandering makes this a false statement
I have an idea
We kill the youth
But how...
Voters very rarely actually know the values their political options actually imply
I’d know, I was a high school student at one point
And I was too busy getting stoned and falling out of trees
To know what the fuck a politician was
I’d argue it’s because politics have become a stronger problem than when we were in high school. Now it’s a blatant issue.
It’s always been an issue, but they were better at covering tracks when it was easier to cover tracks.
Wasn’t the last time the Port of Beirut was fucked it kinda made things terrible for the Middle East
I think so. Was that in the 70’s?
As I’ve read, the port is pretty substantial portion of commerce
This was obvious a freak accident this time around
But the entire port is wiped
It’s gonna take a decade to rebuild
(It wasn’t a freak accident, it was definitely negligence to a serious extent)
Albeit, still damaged beyond repair
Thought it was too politically charged to go there, but I'll remember. 
It was a noun and a half.
*My discussions are never sober*
Almost hardly lucid
Anyhow, almost 400+ on the Dow today and we're closing in Nasdaq everyday at record.
Good times. I've taken out all my portfolio and invested in Litecoin.
Called it.
1,400 in LC after making 500 dollars profit from invisible money.
Feels dirty.
I fight for the right to be wrong
Jupe will never fight the good fight the way I fight
Can't wait for the introduction of the ICE tesseract
Anyone else... curious that there was a white housing shooting today?
And it's kinda just... eh, whatever?
Like that shit isn't, uh, normal.
Not a single one of my right wing or left wing family are talking about it and none of them were aware.
Albeit, they are dumb
But typically watching the news like a hawk as of late.
No. That is the least of what I want
He will be a martyr to plenty of people and We'd be on our way to Boogaloo time
We're so close to boogaloo: Part: the closening
Rural Militias take to the city and just start opening fire
That would be worse case scenerio
Oh, okay. I just thought this was a freak incident.
That was about to lead to a Franz Ferdinand level of fuck
Stupid Franz
Why did you need to go back to check on those drivers you stupid bitch
With a gun
You can always be a moron
But an armed moron is worth at least 6 morons
I like where it's posted to
@Prismatic Were the south the aggressors in the civil war. My thoughts were that they had a time limit to gain support and lose support. You gain support by gaining land and traction so you can rally. Is this not true?
I’m arguing with a southern sympathizer and he claims that the north was the major attacker in most parts.
Okay, fair play
Would you say the south would bankrupt themselves if they attempted to succeed at the moment
We’re the results of the civil war to be less resource dependent on the south, even if the north was more financially stable?
Didn’t a fuck ton of people just get caught up in the crossfire between sides and had to make the choice of who to fight for?
The meme is back!
Is the dual representation the confeds and the union?
Meanwhile, on the West coast, we could give a shit less about the civil war
And any bad blood. It’s mostly just Mexicans vs white man.
If it’s even that so much
Well... okay, I mean, there were repercussions
Holy fuck. What an atrocious color
It’s biting
It’s so blue, it hurt
So, was the fighting truly over slavery and that was the catalyst?
I know there’s neigh-ayers to this
I can Unedit it
So, people with big cheese saw the times-a-changin and the abolitionist movement and thought politics would crumple under the pressures?
That would have been embarrassing
We were already one of the last major powers to abolish it
I’m currently entertained
What do you do with your enemy when the enemy is... you
Shouldn’t the confederate leaders have been locked away
Good of to a good start
*Pardons all confederate leaders*
Was there any strongholds passed the end of the war?
People that weren’t buying the defeat
Or places, rather
Wicked
“Punch Your Dick Clean Off” Grant has a good ring
He punched the stocks and they went back up
World War Z, but with bankers
Congress plays with the tendies
What does Puerto Rico statehood imply?
Uh, for Americans
They have a pretty strong gdp
And marginalized income vs outgoing gross
Almost 50% of export to imports
Yeah, they seem to have a terrible infrastructure
It would also be a relatively small state by size
And we don’t really need a foothold in the Caribbean
It’s agriculture sector also sucks considering its a small island nation
It would be a very long term investment to build it up
Yes, that’s right. If they seem trusted with office jobs in respects to driving cooperate, they could be a powerhouse in due time, but the size concerns me.
It just doesn’t seem... worth it to adopt a small, poor isolated nation and give them statehood. I’m not concerned about immigration, I’m more concerned about their their presence and limit on manpower.
I think they’re also extremely vulnerable to hurricanes
There’s a Micronesia?
I feel it. It's coming and rightfully so.
All I hope is the that the market crashes so I can buy in finally
My erection can only get so erect
Will Brexit be looked at as one of the most unlucky and terribly timed moves in the early 21st century?
Wasn’t it decided based on a stronger potential trade over the Atlantic?
What was the real idea behind it? Did they want to be more self sufficient?
“Let’s just see where this is going.”
Ah, good old apathy
They could be shooting themselves in the leg
Would a bank run in a digital world basically not exist?
I know banks still carry physical currency, but there were plenty of times where Shelley working at a bank came close to not having currency to physically give to costumers. That was back in 2018. Obviously, that was a mismanagement of inventory, but it’s all mostly digitalized versions of currency now.
I don’t think our generation can really grasp banks literally running out of money nor do I believe it’s even a real concern to the general public
Jobless claims only came in at an all time low for the week at only 916k. That’s below expectation!
Senate out for another month
Let’s watch that market...
Pulled out. Made 500.
No Fomo
I don’t give a shit now. I’m waiting for the bottom
Pour as much as I can into it when I think we’ve hit the point of no return
But I don’t know how far we’re gonna fall once the tulip mania is over
This bubble is bigly
Someone laughed when I said dow would go down to 14k. I’m not sure if they’d allow it, but when people all pull, I don’t know what’s gonna happen.
I’m not sure if they have the funds to bail fast enough to keep it up anymore. They might. I’m not entirely sure, but the normies won’t wanna be left holding the bags and the point of being a trading firm is making money. They surely would be the first to jump.
The more I see, the less I know
I’d like to think of Crypto as the real-time equivalent to the new gold. People like to invest in it when they see darkened waters ahead. Well, before today, crypto was down quite a lot over all their different entities. All of them just shot up.
It’s almost always a coincidence, but I feel like there’s a reason today.
I don’t think smaller class sizes is a bad compromise
They would need more teachers...
Where are we gonna get those
You*. Where are you guys gonna get those.
Two solutions here, actually.
More teachers... or less students.
We can just kill the children.
I’m a ducking genuious
But prism
That’s rational
This is 2020
We need to slaughter the masses to equalize the unsustainable economic growth. Feed the machine!
It requires sacrifice.
Robin Hood + Mark Twain = Edgar Allen Poe
But seriously. The response to this epidemic on almost all fronts has been atrocious. You can name on your hands the countries who are walking away from this and haven’t even been induced to a second wave... which they will be, because WE NEED TO CONTINUE TRADING. There’s no plan. It’s the same as it ever was. I just want to pull the bandaid to come off, because putting kids back into a confined space will only consolidate the efforts to spread this further. Why not!? Let it spill to the streets. Fuck it. Fuck the world. A lot of people gonna die tonight and not a single fuck sipping on their slurpy or taking shots at the favorite club while Doja Cat plays in the background gives a fuck.
Also, spending has stopped. People are hoarding their cash now. I can see it in my sales. I’m down 25% from last year and spending took a dive off the cliff.
And that’s what I’ve been arguing!
And warning people, but no one I know even understands that
It’s not that hard
It’s like... 7th grade biology
Herd immunity is a joke
Everyone’s praising Jupeland for their response too
We got visited by census bureau today and in an off handed way, it’s kinda the last straw for me. I’ve lost complete and total faith in our current government... system... governing authority. I don’t give a fuck what we want to call it, I don’t have faith in it. I was already weary of our government prior, but I think this broke me. Just the idea that Shelley filed in late May, has been calling every single day 30 times to EDD and getting 8 different answers, and not getting information, but the fucking government needs to know HOW MANY PEOPLE ARE LIVING HERE? NOW! Tell us, peasant! We know you put you at risk every day to catch a virus you’ve probably already had that you can probably catch again, but we don’t give a fuck about that. Keep working. Now tell us how much you make a year or else we can punitively give you a ticket for restitutions on a thing in the middle of a fucking pandemic while you struggle to have gas money. Go fuck yourself. At hate this world. Fuck this place. I hope I drop dead on the job and need to count my body as a casualty of the pandemic. That way, I’ll actually finally be a hero, like they were praising us in the beginning of this fucking thing.
Define attack
Not with my body, but I placed a curse on them
I have a vector under my doormat
For these moments
I understood it was facetious
Just like a Patrick joke
I understand them
I’m glad I didn’t go to college. I’m glad that one day, I’ll drop dead randomly in front of an elderly woman that giving me grief about the obscure freshness of grapes.
It’s the least I can do for the world.
I’m not sure what chronic illness will let loose first, but bleeding out of the eyes is never off the table
Never
So, obviously, I’d never be able to tell you when
But the first time I ever threw out my back was around the age of 14
I owned a trampoline from age 7-15
It was one of those huge ones
And I fucked around and injured myself on it constantly
It was probably the most dangerous things I owned
I like how it got a triple question mark
Like anything should surprise you at this point
Sometimes I remember I’m retarded
Once I’m conscious of that fact, it’s just a landslide back into mediocrity again
Kill him and take his kidneys
SEXY ASIAN SISTER IS INHERITING NORTH KOREA
:7awesomestar:
But I want to believe™️
I want Fire Lord Azula
Any information out there about the hurricane we didn’t nuke?
As much of a ripper this thing is, I’ve hardly seen anything about it.
Canceled
Will the internet at large be a good archive for future historians and miners?
Imagine having that job. Going through hundreds of thousands of threads per year and uncovering relevant and “useful” encapsulated moments.
It would certainly be a hobby, but I’m sure at that point, with everything being automated... it would be a hobby as most things would.
Would there be a calling to do it eventually?
Was geocities ever archived?
I can’t recall.
Would we ever see something more than the internet? A neurological input, maybe?
Not at all. I’m guessing it’s basically like... the thing from Borne Identity.
I like this, but it sounds like it could cause a lapse between the privileged and the layman before *everyone* has it. There would be a lot of industries that would not want everyone to have it.
Of course it would take a long time for a trickle down effect to work. The people with the most would get it first.
It would be a much better alternative to AI
I could see idiots not wanting it and opting into being normies while the other side is like... come on. Cyborg war!
Oh, it would be absolutely one sided. At that point, it would be genocide of the antiborgs
Is there already a novel written in this light?
Sounds like something someone has already thought of
Riiiiight. GITS. Okay, that’s why it sounds... somewhat familiar
Ill give this a go
I’ve never cared less about a politician than I’ve ever cared for Biden
Like nothing he’s ever said has affected me emotionally
It’s not difficult, but every time I hear him speak, I turn off my brain
I’m listening to what he says, but I can’t will myself to give a single fuck
It physically makes me shutter that the DNC only has... this in their pocket
The guy that looks like his face is trying to eat his eyes every time he smiles
The guy that we’d only vote for because he seems only *slightly less* senile than Trump.
I fucking hate this country. I want all my federal taxes back.
No, I love this country, but I hate the shambling corpse that any leadership has become.
Isn’t that more to do with the founding fathers presuming that statehood would be held to a much higher standard than federal merit?
Considering that they were just winging it. My take would be that they expected the representatives to always carry the best interests of their people.
They weren’t retarded and naive, though. They knew people could be bought, I’m sure
But I’d like to believe that if I could think of it, they could think of it
I’m sure they expected people in positions of power to fear the people
I’m never delighted to hear that the executive branch is expanding their grasp over the governing bodies. I’m not sure how often it happens, but it consistently seems to be more and more over time.
It might just be being alive that makes me think that, but I don’t know enough about past presidential consequences to know if they’ve ever overextended their power.
Nasdaq is sinking like a lead weight. S&P will slide and it’ll spook the Dow for the relentless overcompensation.
Might dead cat bounce today back into the green, but the volume at pre-market kinda proves that the big boys are pulling.
^.                         ^.              ^.
Not to mention the two companies that hold a large share of market cap just did a 6:1 split. They know what’s up.
Dow was reacting mirrored about a month ago where the big sell off was post-market. Pre-market was the big buy volume.
Dead cat bounce is where people collectively buy the dips
Volume is how much people are affecting the market cap
Market cap is how much weight a stock carries over the market
Big boys are firms or really anyone with enough money invested to pull out because they don’t expect dividends
Dividends are overall returns on a portfolio
Or well, reinvestment with the returns, actually, but it’s a catch all term now
RH: But Akshully, I have never thought of it that way and I am refuting any evidence you’ve given me and I’ve decided you’re wrong and I’m going to do my damndest to prove you’re wrong despite me knowing I’m being entirely subjective in 98% of my statements, but I’ll still continue to phrase them as fact.
Rh is me, Prism, and Jupe combined
Somehow, he’s like nicotine, you know it’s worse if you have it around you, but when you think you’re done, you get drawn back in. Talking to RH was a drug.
Just seeing was nonsensical thing you could pull from him next
Hey!
I’m not... ha joking
Completely understandably
This deserves a sad cat
But it only proves your point
I’m always wondering what’s wrong with me then I realize, I’m not RH
We almost need to
At this point
I don’t recall
Did he go into a bout of rage
:iamveRHysmart:
It’s... a... eldericht owl?
I don’t know how to spell that word
Oh.... he plays it well
Better than anyone he knows
And anyone he’s played with
Which is himself
I can’t fall down that hole, Thursby
Not again...
I’m thinking about it and my autism *is* flaring up
This has gone far over my head
And I’m enjoying it
I’m guessing it’s like a spawn on death card
This is evil
Absolutely despicable
No, it shouldn’t
Collective IQ of this channel went down by 15 points
As soon as Magic theory was brought up
Anyhow, dead cat didn’t happen today
Dat aftermarket, tho
That’s called shitting the bed
Self explanatory
Low volume and a dive means that all relative stocks dropped equity rather than one large stock losing out
Holy ass fuck, Batman.
The Feds own a living fuck ton of mortgage debt.
11% of mortgage outright and about 20% of all mortgage related bonds
That is a storm
These are almost certainly subprime mortgages at the lowest apr rate in history for a fixed 30 year.
These are loans that will 100% go to default and never be repaid. Which means, this is basically a Hail Mary for the banking industry.
Like a lockdown with no contact tracing, this is just extending the inevitable.
I’ll read it, but it does have something to do with the Tulip madness runs?
Meanwhile, my job takes 8+ years of experience to actually do properly and do to the highest level of efficiency, but I don’t have a high school diploma!
And I’m still fucking doing it. But then again, I’m also taxing my body...
I’ve always wondered that, especially about pg&e transformers and boards... what happens if someone just Mickey mouses it and it isn’t touched for 5+ years?
Obviously, routine inspections is a thing
Mark, have you heard of the tale of the San Jose Light Rail?
Actually, it’s more political than an engineering feat
Although, I must give to them for building a light rail through a densely populated area decently
Anyhow, it’s *mostly* finished. It started in the late 80’s and “finished” in the....
Now
We also have this
Which is also in production hell
No one knows what the fuck they’re doing.
Besides the engineers, but they chill
Could you imagine any major metropolitan area in California having a metro
I meant more a subway
A light rail project is a good way to bungle cash through the cracks
Also been proven in California for years
I wonder what the budget, date started, date finished, and total cost
“Success”
*applause*
So, you’re telling me that this high cost, mode of transportation runs parallel to the near-to-nothing cost mode of transportation?
Because we pay 7 dollars for a light rail ticket here for a day pass
It’s the scenic route
They think they’ll be dead before anyone will care
A can traveling at 60 miles per hour packed with discontent people
I’m guessing they thought that it would defer a lot of people that would otherwise not want to use the metro any longer
Do people drive still?
Isn’t a lot of reason the east coast city planning is fucked is because... cars didn’t exist when they evolved into cities?
I mean...
Just a money hole
Seattle is famous for its railed busses
And they are retarded
I’m not sure if city planners know much about city planning
That’s deserves a troll face
Because it’s an incredibly dumb statement
We also have an advertising bubble
There isn’t really isn’t much debt involved, but the funds do need to come somewhere
I speculate there’s a advert debt bubble in websites
If I had a nickel for every time this port had random chemicals on fire....
Do to the coin shortage, a roll of quarters could be potentially be worth more than 10 due to the utilization of the piece of currency
Obviously, this shouldn’t happen, but if they keep running in short inventory and people need them, people could eventually be purchasing 10 dollars of quarters at 15 dollars for the exclusivity
That would be interesting
Not that that would break our currency in any way, but it’s interesting to think about.
Here’s a question I have though, would it be unconstitutional or illegal for states to start printing their own currency from their own treasury to be traded within the state or decided territory?
That’s what I thought
Value of quarters skyrocket. Mississippi begins exclusive trade in only quarters.
It does make sense. I’m not suggesting we should take the country into a segregated mode of currency. That would be pretty retarded.
Although... we do have complex machinery that could potentially keep track of this now...
I was throwing out numbers. It wouldn’t, but quarters, especially in intercity areas are needed for much more than just dividing the dollar
Can we get rid of the penny already?
:SadDogRog:
But true
Can I run for a local chair under that premise alone?
I can smell it already
Alexa, how do you run for president of San Jose?
Our Mayor got her house fucked with and she’s fleeing town.
Can a mayor functionally operate outside of the city they are... operating?
Sounds dumb. Thanks, I hate it
Anyone watching the low depression storms coming off the western coast of Africa. Specifically the hot vortex that’s coming off at the moment?
There’s actually a small, insignificant chance that one of these freak storms could pass westward into mainland. Wouldn’t it be crazy? California hit with typhoon that was originally an Atlantic disturbance. Bring it on 2020
Maybe it’ll wipe Miami off the map and the fall out will leave the Blue on the map... deemed nonexistent
One of These storms is actually trending... Louisiana
Again
God just hates the Cajuns
Also a fact: It has been built exactly once
How long has Florida been relevant?
I wear boots to work
T.T
Cowboy boots
I wear boots because 1
They’re slip ons
2 they’re warerproof
That’s a sin
What layer of hell is for people that don’t tie their shoes intentionally
Both of his club feet
All three in fact
What
He also picks up Sirius Radio occasionally.
First month was free
People are buying up guns so fast that they are pull-inflating the price.
Yeah... it's a win win, honestly
I can see it being people that already have weapons buying more weapons, though.
Not everyone can hold two M2 brownings at once. There's also another alternative that manufacturers are artificially inflating the prices
Are ammunition manus typically gun manus?
:ultrathinking: Okay, I'd like to know ammo sales rather than total weapon sales. There's so much of a diverse selection of guns that the sales wouldn't be the best gauge.
I also don’t mean to be a doomsayer, but the pacific fires could directly affect the path of Teddy
The smoke could function as a high altitude, low humidity dry current and either sheer the hurricane or directly gutterball it somewhere in New England/Canada
Could be as high as Nova Scotia or as low as Virginia
Could as dissipate it into a tropical depression. Bermuda also could potentially get hit again.
Not to mention, there’s also another tropical at 50% conductivity that was at 10% less than a week ago.
That could be alpha!
We’re only 4 named disturbance away from breaking a record
:7awesomestar:
No
The opposite
We may guide a north by northeast bound hurricane into us
And sending it westward
Or it’ll hit you guys
...
2020
You’ve really outplayed and outdone yourself
Subtropical storm Alpha could fully form and hit...
Europe
Western Europe
The last subtropical Storm to hit Europe was not a hurricane
In 2005 there was Vince
But if this thing fully forms and double backs to landfall as a cat plus, it could be the first of its kind
Not only that, but the likelihood of it being Storm Alpha, which means we’ve gone through named activities... is strange enough
But for a Cat 1+ to hit Europe... that’s astronomically odd
Omg. Paulette might reform
Holy shit
So, Alpha went to the newly formed convection off the Spanish coast. (Not a single forecast saw this coming even as a depression possibility). And now we have Beta formed in the gulf.
Really hitting us with that hindsight is 2020 vibes
All we need is a random cyclone to hit California and well have 5 decades worth of anomalies in one year.
Once again, 2020 just keeps extending its nutty chapter in the history books
2016: “We need to wait until the new president is announced. It would only represent the people better.”
Such wisdom
It is fact, but a 52% hit rate in baseball, I wouldn’t be a professional. If I did my job 52% of the time, I’d be fired. If I was graded at a 52%, I’d still get an F. 52% is not impressive for a successful metric.
Anyhow, I’m more or less thinking about the chair being opened on 2016 vs 2020 and how it’s being considered
Can’t wait for Senategate of 2021
Where McConnell takes his turtle ass to the open seat, pops a squat, and declares himself both Senate Overlord and A SC Judge.
What corruption?
Everyone isn’t called out because it takes a living fuck ton of direct evidence to do anything
Even if they get caught handing over the nuclear launch codes to Russia, caught on video, 45 eye witnesses; innocent until proven guilty works on a whole different celestial level than the poppers.
I’m joking, of course
But kinda
I like the problems they make and they know it will take a few generations to come to term and by that time they’re retired and spanking it to lolicon doujins
Not saying Dick Cheney is a lolicon, just saying he looks like he would
Congress and senate are just getting too old. People are living too long for their brains to work and keep up basic functionality. We used to have the days when chairs weren’t held for centuries and people died of typhoid and tuberculosis. They needs to be an age limit, like with driver’s licenses. That’s why I say, you can have your term extended if you can make it through a ninja warrior style game show.
Randomly generated puzzles along with physical challenges
*Statement was brought to by all satire*
Extremism is fought with extremism. As far left and right as people want to go. Well start jumping off the political compass together.
Abolishing The right to protest unless you are an armed 40 year old white man going through a midlife crisis is next to be a merit
“I’m not racist, but if a person of color gets 20 feet from me, I’m gonna blast him. Swear.”
Didn’t Italy have a big militia problem during WW1?
Well, here we are. We have opportunity for people with agendas to consolidate power over misguided stupid people for the sake of a nebulous sense of localized justice.
“We must be together in the bond of our state!”
:derpypup:
Dear Canada: Stop trying to poison Trump. It will not work. It will only make him stronger.
What I’m really looking at is foreign relations. I think we need a much larger focus on introspective production, which is what the Republican Party supports and reiterates and regurgitates, but most foreigners know what the republic party and has done. They get to see the clown show that is the reps right now, but little do they actually know is that it’s the entity that is the United States government because consequences are either non-incentivized or so far regulated that it’s all for shits and giggles at this point. As soon as the hammer starts coming down is the moment I’ll give a fuck about either party.
One of the biggest problems is also economic regulations. The market breathing, ebbing and flowing is meant to be. Modern Econs speculate that perpetual growth is *possible*, but most agree that its irregular. The government has incentive to keep a pony show going in the hopes that the next crash, recession, or depression doesn’t fall on them. Over extending growth causes volatility. A market that never gives way is a market destined to collapse. I see recessions and large failures as room for growth in the lower classes, but if you keep giving golden parachutes to the top game, something’s gotta give.
Sort of for the first one.  Kind of for the second. And yes for the last. 
This can lead to a non-salient market with investing trends
The strongest market on earth is still young. I don’t control how people look. It’s obvious there’s a trend of some sort— since the early eighties. Investors are still people and they spook easily. Who has the ball is important, maybe not to people like Goldman or Stanley, but the medium sized fish especially think it’s important. I’m not even saying if it’s factually connected, because they’re opinion on leadership is subjective, but subjectivity can make a market. Herd mentality is very real in our market as much as it is in these protests.
Some investors are just as dumb as I am.
Yes
Only time will tell, though
We’ll see how the market goes, but how much money is currently staked is absurd.
If global interests rates skyrocket, which is within reason, they won’t be able to do anything anyway
I don’t personally think they’ll do anything.
I just believe a decent amount of the market will believe it’s end times for a growing market when he wins
Oh, I’m ready for the debates
Yes
My body
My soul
Is ready
Will there be meme-able content?
I want Hamilton-esk nonsense on the stage. I want accusations. I want romance.
It could be anything
Time to play that thing again!
Boomer or Bot!
Please. Anyone in the room, please. Check out the conversation for Dow on Yahoo Finances.
It’s at least 20 minutes of entertainment in my every day now
Something I’ve noticed from talking with various people that don’t actually use English as a first language is... that they put a space between the last letter of a sentence and a period or comma
Independent Man has a huge signature of a foreign English communicator
What you just described is the entire trans community. Unfortunately, they want you to acknowledge their existence to the point of alienating their allies with anyone in the lgbt community. It feels kinda like back in the early nineties and late eighties when gays would turn on the bi’s calling them just confused gay people, but in reverse.
The trans community is maliciously inclusive.
Sharing this because it’s interesting to me
And informative
Clown timeline
There’s was an article and a quote from something that happened mid-April that I thought was an Onion title.
Unironically. So off the rails that I thought it must have been fake.
Made up by someone with a funny mind.
That’s when I knew.
*honk honk*
You know who I am
I am their nightmare
I was one of them
Oh.
Shelley got her
Unemployment
Not her unemployment
But her verification letters
For all the weeks she’s missed
These are two weeks each
I’m a scooby doo villain?
:sad_cat:
Ah, Jason Kruger
My favorite killer series
Friday on Elm Street
You guys remember when jump suits were making a big deal?
I am a product of my environment
Gainesville
Back on the Rez!
Thurs, have you read my backstory epilogue preamble?
It’s pinned
And continuously being added upon
As I reveal my terribly boring past
Did I mention when we actually lived in an actually brilliant home for a single year
Behind it was a cul-de-sac filled with children where I’d need to venture through a thicket of woods and get mauled by a roaming dog every week or so
That’s where at one point we were helping our neighborhood rich girl/hot girl do her chores for some reason and helping out in the garden. That’s when I yank a sapling out of the ground that she and her parents potted. I made her cry profusely.
I still feel bad about it.
It’s been over 14 years
The property that I’d come out from the woods and onto was a kid I now believe had autism. We played with tanka trucks in the dirt and always wondered why he was so obsessed with them. I was just happy to have someone to talk with despite being bored out of my mind.
These sentences
All of them, I love
I also remember giving my first edition Kabutops and first edition Pincer to the Asian kid for his birthday. He hugged me.
I didn’t know I was ‘spose to take off my shoes
Okay. That one got me. It had just the right amount of nonsensical humor to really hit my funny bone.
Also! Heroe’s Act through California just had meeting today
And they set up another meeting for tomorrow!
Can we actually do a good!?
We just preemptively banned ICE’s by 2029 or some shit like that
Don’t worry. I think banning cars from gas powered engines is retarded because our power grid goes down when someone fart in their ac by accident
Couldn’t imagine the strain it’s gonna put on pge when everyone and their dog is charging their leaf
Newsom just drops Fenstein’s  hand in the snapping turtle pit and waits to see which one nabs at her finger. The proposal is written on the shell.
California is a big, roided out bodybuilder that keeps stubbing its toe. Just over and and over and over again. Same toe. Different corner.
Cucked again
But academically
Oh, I thought you were in a sex Ed seminar, not administrating it.
Wait!
Full stop
The debates are tomorrow!?
:nutstar:
It’s time to duel!
You’ve activated my trap card, Biden.
It’d be a lot more entertaining if they had to wear ceremonial garb from the 18th century.
Wig, porcelain makeup, frocks. The works.
Well, whatever those handkerchiefs that stick out of the top of the breast in coats is called.
Is it that time again...
It’s been an honor.
D:
How could they do this to you
You can’t enjoy it for leisure
Yes, but now it’s work.
It’s like how I look at a beautiful apple. It’s no longer a fruit, it’s profit.
Did you know, an apple at 2.99 a pound is generally about 60-70% margin above cost, the highest of any fruit or vegetable.
They have a low cost. Demand vs production cost.
Jackfruit
At a whopping 1%
I’m sure there’s fruit/vegetables that *lose* profit
There’s a lot of contracting and exclusivity involved
...
I’m actually not sure about that
I think so, but not in large quantity
The trees are enormous, maintenance is tough, and render is low
Well.
The fruit surrounding the seed pods taste like strawberries mixed with bananas
The rest of the fruit itself (about 80% of the fruit) is a meat like substance
It really is
The meaty, spindly portion of the fruit is basically tasteless
It’s just goopy
And like sinuous(?)
You’re paying 20 dollars a pop for about a tennis ball sized portion of editable fruit which is about 10-20% of the entire thing
Yep. That’s why it’s meant to be like pork, because it can be processed well into any taste
Egg whites is also a good substitute for seminal fluid. Don’t at me.
You’ve heard of it’s cousin
Durian
Oatmilk is great
Welp. I fell into that one
To answer the other question you didn’t ask, a durian tastes like used socks mixed with a mushroom mixed with a slight aroma of cheese
Checkmate, atheists
“Listen, if I’m going to hell, it ain’t going to be because I accidentally ate a cracker on a specific day. It’s going to be because I’m an asshole.”
Wait. Jews don’t believe in hell, no?
More like a waiting room type of thing?
Oh
Welp. I’ll meet Jupe on the other side.
And head butt him in the dark.
That seems... different
Hell in the Bible is like an exclamation point
“You’re going to hell.”
Is the Torah a cookbook? A question that has long plagued philosophers and minds alike for millennia
I like that more than smelling brimstone every time I crack open the Old Testament
Oh, New Testament
The other way around
Wow, having a kid really does change a person
*still listening*
all of those men in that picture are the same person
That’s 100% racist
But I ain’t giving a fuck
Are the only people that escape russia just not Russian Clone number 8?
I’ve never seen a Russian black person
Now that I think about it
My god
No wonder the ladies tell legend of his dong
That’s reason why he can’t have the sex
They all know and they are all scared
Have two armies ever met and decided against battling
Not working out negotiations
But just... end up fronting on each other and leave
Btw
15 min before the PD and there is already 300,000 on this live stream
All of these are beyond interesting
You know, individually, I'd never listen to these two people. But add them together? Oh, I'll watch a full day.
That's dumb as fuck, dawg
You ever think someone talked to him about it?
That ones awesome
How often would 2 samurai really go toe to toe?
*awwwwwooooooo samurai noise*
So, they were mercenaries, yeah?
Yeo
How about old age?
Lol, no, the liege
Would it just go to predecessor
Wicked.
Oh, it's Dark Souls but Japan
1 MINUTE
I'm giving Biden my energy like a spirit bomb
I'm giving him all the Poenergy
I support neither
I just thought Biden was my spirit animal
All hail chaos
If someone throws a fucking punch, I know humanity has peaked
It's all down hill from there
Yes, I can still complain about it
I want chaos *so* I can complain about it
Oh, did you offer VC?
Fuck yes
Pre existing condition of pregnancy
Such as pregnancy
Damn, I need to clean out my ears
I AM THE DEMOCRATIC PARTY
Vs I AM THE SENATE
You didn't want me to ban china
This is incredible
...That is not a comprehensible...
*Player 3 has now joined the game*
His eye-eating-smile
MANIFESTO
This is a lot of dick slapping
Obamacare-- we made it better--
We are obamacare
I am obamacare
It's almost like every sunday
Badazing
Gottem
The moderator has a twitch-background drop!
Oh god. They can overlay that with green and make it a greenscreen
It's solid black
They fucking cock show each other enough for me to believe no one is mic'd up
Or have an earbud
Oh, of course not, but people were definitely gonna say that
I trying to see it from an average tardy
You wouldn't have made ventilators with your own bare hands!
These two hands. They closed this country.
1.5 mil watching
This one stream
BLEACH
He brought out the bleach
He should have brought a liter of bleach
And put it on the stand
Who's trusting scientists!?
Not me
Not I
I don't believe in them
They don't exist
DOCTORGATE
The word smart is now on the table
A button sequence cutscene just happened when he said smart
Honestly, this is just trump doing an old school rop and dope
Bingo
He should have brought 6 masks and put them all on
At the same time
They've always been great
Even in the Obama years
Those were the memes
According to the... "experts"
The plague now on the field
See this thing I did? I know it looks bad, but it could be worse.
It's like a ghost town, but it's also rioting
I BROUGHT BACK THE FOOOSEBALL
It was me
You're welcome, hicks
I know you were getting bored working on your 1995 toyota avalanche
I didn't want to pay tax
Neither do I
Bud
Biden has just been a giant cringelord
Trump has been a shitpost
Biden
We built a time machine, Joe
Things you couldn't even imagine
With my own, giant hands
Stock market doesn't equal jobs
Every economists butthole just puckered
Yep. It's rhetoric
It went in the hole
We've done it
We're done here
What happened. I don't think I caught it
I need a transcript of the poop joke
:ClapClap:
🤡
*honk honk*
Here comes the black vote
Section
It should just be all the verses said at the same time
By both rappers
Kisss kisss kisss kisss kissss kisss!
In 1827, you said you were a super predator
Way back
Big lawl
It's going off the rails now!
Here we go
Tell the proud boys to stand down.
That was crazy
Lowest carbon
Our businesses our clean. They are the crystal clear businesses. California is on fire, but our businesses are not on fire.
Evidently, Biden also makes a lot of really great feces, too
It's nap time
Shelley has gotten her most bored at this moment
I'm using her as a gauge
Why didn't you do it for 47 years!? AS VICE PRESIDENT!
You were vice president for 47 years, Joe
Interesting
Hour and a half
Bring the kids. Bring the guns
I can't believe what we've witnessed last night
It was like a fever dream
I woke up in a cold sweat wondering if it had all been a complex hallucination
Seeing my Republican friend that touts around as a libertarian is the funniest person to me at the moment.
“Proud Boys have all races among their groups.”
“Asian, black, Latino.”
Someone went on to say, but he dodged the easiest pitch... to tell *White supremacists* in particular to stand down, and when that was avoided, they had to call them by a name.
“...antifa. (Then went on to say ‘why didn’t Biden ask antifa to stand down?)”
They aren’t
It’s very hard to generalize
But it’s a prevalently White group
Despite having maybe a small hint of diversity
Which is the same way rioters aren’t clumped together
It’s so interesting seeing the mental gymnastics.
From him in particular.
Radical left doesn’t necessarily want leadership and attempt at every turn to not obtain representation, where the right let the power vacuum prevail
I’d guess none, but I’m really talking about local representation more than big chairs and boards. I’d speculate, the farthest they go in terms of elected officials is local sheriffs
But that’s an estimated guess from anecdotal knowledge
As my brother in law is somewhat close to the PB ideology and is surrounded by ex military and law enforcement buddies
Which is a level of retardation that I can’t even perceive on this dimensional plane
It’s generally counterintuitive
Especially if there’s no representation
“We demand!”
And they came
Buckets
If Trump is voted out, could he have enough rouge supporters to start a coupe?
Or that other word that starts with a j
Junt?
Joont?
A Jaut
This intrigues me, but it is no longer a concern. This is gonna be a long 2 months
Uh. Second Thanksgiving
Super bowl
Wait, will there be a debate tonight?
Or is it weekly
Well, I don’t know. If I wasn’t 70 years old, I’d be able to do it
I don’t know what it feels like to be 70, so, I thought it would be possible
Haha!
It’s Californication vs Conversion Therapy
Time
I don’t even know what Pence sounds like
My goodness
What states are immediate hold outs for red?
Dakotas, Carolinas, tornado alley
Do you want the full picture?
He was proving he wasn't a bigot
With a MAGA hat, anything is possible
Make america gay again
I'm so glad we're at the buttplug section of politics
I'm torn between the 19% and the 31%
It's is how it be
*laughs in Mox*
Response comment to this really makes my dick hard
A year’s worth of chaos
In a day
This really is my timeline
*honk honk*
At this point, we should all just have the Benny hill theme playing as a backdrop
There’s so much... I’m not even sure what. It’s just so much of it.
Individual rights vs compassion
It’s libertarians and conservatives attempting to have compassion
Not saying they don’t have it, but now it’s the most important thing to them
>It’s their property. If they want to draw on passerby’s, it’s fine 
We should have a day off for grieving like North Korea
I will admit when I’m wrong and I was absolutely wrong. Stocks skyrocketed back from the massive dip this morning when Biden was announced negative.
Kellyanne Conway positive
Amy Coney Barrett positive
Also... Rick Moranis sucker punched
For no reason. This should anger Jupe to the point of near spontaneous combustion. National treasure and all.
...Ya know. 2020 and all that shit. Rick Moranis punched randomly in the street. Important people catching a potentially deadly virus. 
Tom Tillis positive
It's creeping slowly into Burr's office
This is the horror movie of the unstoppable force that goes slowly, but never stops.
Covid must have some kind of irony detector.
I’m physically and emotionally embarrassed
They are just so... why can’t people be normal!? Just be normal. Get a job. Come home. Eat your three steaks. Take whatever drugs you take to get to sleep.
Stop joining pseudo-militia man-clubs
Do marxists oppose leadership? I don’t mean the idiotic nepotistic communism that world has had, but true Marxism.
Isn’t that one reason why far left movements implode and dissolve, because they actively attempt to not implement chains of commands and supreme leadership?
:ClapClap:
Sounds like a bland and somewhat rational debate
By comparison
Let’s see Pence call upon his Stand and start harnessing the power of Trump when God is brought up for the first time.
I want to see a full heal spin
I need to ask
Is Pence... knowledgeable
Well, is he a decent and well informed politician outside of his religious wheelhouse
Did the fly smell the sweat boiling off his face
He’s a bit sweaty
Mostly
Pence is getting his swings in
Pence just now: Literally said the opposite of what you just said
There
Are just so many
Memes about the fly™️
The biggest neck beard in my store said “I was talking with so-and-so and they agree that there is going to be a party-alignment shift post-Trump”
Also, Jupe, your brother is presumably Canadian. He can be conservative and so long as he’s not a French nationalist, I think he will always pale in comparison to our red pills
Kick all of the Inuits out and send them to Russia.
That’s about as red pilled as you guys go
Or kick them off into the ocean
Or just build camps
Yada yada
*slaps hood of USA*
“You know how many internment camps you can fit in this puppy?”
Also
Can we please, collectively, thank the state of California for the 10k that’s about to be deposited in my bank account
Amen
We all know
Jupe is becoming infected by it
As I am
SAY THE LINE!
Hold the line
Do Canadians care a lot about American politics
Point
That shits boring as pants out of the dryer
I don’t think I can name one Canadian pm
Or president
Besides Tru-though
America’s Moon
Wait no
If America were the sun, Canada would be a planet and Mexico would be the moon
5 minutes
Prism does right by ignoring me when I say something completely insignificant to anyone’s existence
Remarkable
What might go down in history
For absolutely no reason
The single fly that changed the world
Somewhere out there, someone was watching the debate, they got distracted, and something awful or spectacular happened.
That single fly may have impacted the most amount of people out of any fly in the world
Flygate
*Pretty fly*
*on a white guy*
TINY HOME
“Let me show you around!”
Choose life
And experimental stem cell research
Just rewatch the fly
And it’s much funnier if you think that it might be the only thing Harris is focusing on.
I love poes law
Mine is: 
5% politician wikis
Big boy
Big slav boy
Huge hands
I’m still laughing at this
*Deutschland wieder großartig machen*
China invades Taiwan. What happens? I presume nothing.
The world is at large and the web we weave is so small
*Dances off stage, doing the ymca*
*for what seems like no reason*
*other than the fact it was the only song I could get licensing rights to*
I used to joke about Obama moonwalking offstage as a tongue in cheek way of making fun of his pageantry, but it’s becoming more and more real every day
Who knows anything anymore
Mother fucking debate mother fuckers!
Would there be a worker’s insurrection in China in the next 100 years, you think?
Uh, no one... you’re right
I don’t think China would slip enough for that to happen in the next 30 years
Well, they kinda stat dumped everything into media suppression
Fuck yes
The fly
Must have it’s time
We need to know if there will be a sequel
This debate will decide memes for days to come
“Ability to lock himself up”
Bunker boy bunker boy
“And anyone that will vote for trump don’t read”
That’s why no one bought the book
Liberal Privilege is also a really shit title
My childhood doctor had very gentle hands, thank you
That was legitimately funny
I burst out laughing and scared Shelley
Had to come on here
“The guy that abolished slavery? Maybe.... besides that guy, maybe.”
“That guy might have done more for black people.”
“You, Black woman, I’m less racist than you.”
A dick showing competition, but racism
This is the funniest shit
This was worth it
Give them the last 10 minutes to just yell profanity at each other
If there is a god in heaven, the audio tech will pass out
“Gotta talk em into it, Joe. Gotta...”
*puts on sunglasses*
“Make a deal.”
You’re fired, California
*three pairs of sunglasses*
God, we really fucked up in the 80’s
Also
Oh, I was thinking the war on drugs
Wouldn’t that be the vast majority of these incarcerations
Not a lie
They would kill all the birds if birds existed
Fracking is a problem, right
Can’t we get oil...
Elsewhere
Doesn’t the coast of Texas do better?
Than trying to suck it out of shale
Oil went negative
You can’t really save that
It saved itself because contracts were being sold lower than their worth
“Why would you do that?”
-the black Indian moderator, 2020
The booming oil industry in Pennsylvania
Biden says China funnier than Trump
Hot take
McConnell wanted to unify
There’s a pretty good chance the market will tank in any case of one of these two gooses taking office
Thank you Belmont
Kiss kiss kiss
The market is a fickle thing
Everyone
Who has a 401k
Very few people care about the current status of the s&p500
That last 40 minutes was worth it
When the moderator very sheepishly went “why would you do that?”
Almost like she was disapproving
The fly didn’t show
Jupe, stop beating our politicians
He isn’t geese
It’s just weird
I think is the point
He doesn’t really need to say anything about it, because that’s his health, but it was pretty odd to *not* address it.
Dc for 51st?
That sounds like a rumor
It would be our smallest state, yeah?
By a large margin
Well, my wife uses uber to get around when I'm not there, so, it affects my life definitively
It's a yes for me
Dat 620+ dive
Acb officially appointed
This is gonna get spicy
The onion needs to step up their game to compete with reality
You like the double border with the text overlay?
Why doesn’t China... just take Mongolia
I guess an Arctic tundra
Which isn’t much
And horses
Right, it’s just more important to keep them as a satellite
Jaut: wait you agree with me?
I voted Republican for district 18 because he’s a physician
In case you wanted to be surprised today
I’m fighting with a communist idealist
It’s fun
Cucks would like to see change but they don’t know how to do it, so, they’ll let someone take care of it
The real questionable, I think, is virgins
Because I just wanted to make fun of my british friends
When do some argue was the start of the fall of the Roman Empire?
Because I’d like to believe it’s when there were more mercenaries than legionaries. But I don’t know a lot.
Ah, politics greatest nightmare: Declaring they were wrong at one point.
Patrick doesn’t get his own reference
Or he does
Can I get an update on what’s happening
With the election. From what I’m reading, it’s pretty dead heat
Sloshed
Mingling with wigs and people that *make* the conspiracies
To obtain status among the theocrats, you must retain yourself while fucked up. It gains their respect and their fear.
“Out of the 7,000 of them, I’ve probably been to it.”
Could you imagine if Prism was the actual deciding factor in grammatical input to the reason Trump gets re-elected
I could never be mad.
It’s how I would cope.
The real party doesn’t begin until after the recount
Lawsuits being filed
Big 🤔
Right. Good.
Nothing catastrophically odd yet
Is a draw per state possible or does it go to a deciding factor?
That's insanity
But a "close" race isn't what america needed
Is this the moment where we worry or do we hold out on worrying?
We officially have Covid 20 on earth, boys
Found in 12 people so far and mutated from Minks
Ggez
Stupid danish
Almost as bad as being Dutch
Is this a long count by typical standards?
Yeah, I know it’s normal to see states take so long, but are we being even more strenuous this election?
Do you figure this will be a noteworthy and historical election?
Or rather how we understand voting and how it impacts us ect ect ect
Obviously, we’re going to be quite the chapter in the future
Uh
JAMES POLK
This is part where someone outside the country goes “But it can’t get much worst, right?”
One second
The words are melding together
Okay, got it
So, this is odd to say the least
Are people going to collectively put on their tinfoil hats?
I like the idea that people are trolling normies and it’s caused a coupe
Not really
I hate it
But it’s kinda funny
Oh, so it’s like when your at the blackjack table and the guy to your right is getting pissed your stealing his cards
But to recap, Trump campaign was a Hail Mary from the Republican Party to stay relevant, right?
And they kinda need to reform?
Because id love to have two choices one day. I want to be a Republican because I believe in budgets rather rampant progressivism, but... I just can’t. Not right now.
I’d be alright with Him Jim
I’d need to look into it
Shelley, I’ve found is much more conservative than I am.
She still despises Trump, mind you
We want gyms...
On every corner
Meat trucks
Serving meat
24 hours a day with child labor
But consensual child labor
Children should have the right to choose wether they wish to join the workforce!
I suspect this is bad
And I’m spouting out borderline evil
Bullshit
We have the obligation to protect people from themselves
(Joking)
I mean... I’m not *against* it
Good
Fuck Jupe
Sorry
That was compulsionary
But I do believe in improving our schooling system, otherwise, we fail to keep up with countries that were meant to be *our* allies.
We cannot fall behind any further than we already have
Oh, good. I just feel as though we could do much better
Vast room for improvement based on experience and time invested
Not to mention the amount of money we’ve already sunk
My conservatard friend keeps saying they keep “finding” ballots
No ones finding shit right. They’re just coming in still
He’s become self aware
Pull the plug
Pull the plug
Call me a bleeding heart, but I’m worried about the innocence
People gonna die and shit
Maybe
Maybe not
HOLY FUCK
Are the houses from Harry Potter just a political compass?!
D:
Okay
Pa gets counted before NV.
Hilarious results
That’s actually a nice flag
Pack it up boys
We’re commies now
Black man celebrating Jupe’s history
And prevalence as a people
Trump now has supporters that only like him
Campaigning trump was a Hail Mary
Prism has alluded before that the GOP will need to re-evaluate their basis because Trump could easily do something to disrupt their voter base
My best guess is that the Republican Party will need to invest in new voters and younger voters. But the only way they can do that is to be slightly more progressive
That or campaign literal Jesus
A lot of people did come out to vote, but I think we’re hitting the ceiling. Old people also gonna die this year by the truck load.
@Cerberus Me and you, boy
Si se puede
Isn’t this canon
Chances of them actually doing anything legally to trump is very slim post-immunity, right?
It would be mentally bankrupt for dems to do anything at this point to him, I believe
I just feel that his support is so adamant that it would harm the dems in 2024 to even think about touching him
Does China have any plans for the Middle East?
Or are they mostly isolationist in their own idea of a proxy war
Nobody: 
Hot take
I don’t actually think Lib Progs exist
I think it’s almost always Prog Authoritarian that people will swing towards because they almost always want their view points to coincide with the crowd
Am I getting red pilled?
I’m ready, Morphius
Iran’s head of military nuclear programs was just assassinated
Wicked
Do I put on the fedora now or later?
I’m such a doomer, but this is the most real talk I’ve seen in a while
Any weird shit we should be worried about that Trump told the senate to fuck off with the Stim plan?
I think that’s the third
Can dems gain majority if reps keep lemming themselves in a pandemic?
Time to sell those bitcoins, Prism
Joking. Probably just keep them in there
But Bitcoin has skyrocketed
When was the last time federal congressional halls were raided?
200 years. Not a bad record. Beat the French, I bet
Last time the French congressional halls got raided was...
What day is it this week
I wonder if they cranked limp bizkit while they kicked down the Senate door.
50 years
The best expansion pack to come yet
Hype
This is fucking nuts
What is even happening anymore
Oh, it’s the onion. Touché
Got me. Gottem
Just for a second
I don’t know what’s satire anymore
And that’s beautiful
“Um, you know that thing you’re here for... well, it’s still true, but please leave.”
Rofl McDonald
My bootlicking friends are quiet
Very quiet
We live in a society... that’s retarded
I’m retard and even I know this shit is dumb as fuck
Right, it would be a slaughter
But that would lead to a massacre and it would not be seen fondly by anyone who believes in any level of civility. If this goes on too long with too much conviction, it’s going to be sad.
I’m hearing four people dead from this yesterday?
And evidently there was almost fisticuffs being exchanged on the house floor?
God, ending with a politician fight would be end tier for me
What a fucking hot mess the comment section is
Can’t wait for the Great Twitter War of 2021
The Ides of Retards
It feels nice to be disconnected with this kinda
Not everyone, but a lot of people don’t know or aren’t feeling the significant impact of the last couple days.
I just don’t understand how people don’t understand why republicans are kinda in a shit place right now. They vote to impeach? Their own constituents will find them and they are prone to political violence.
But they are the ones that accepted these voters into their party. Deranged and in a position with nothing to lose.
Add in  Shrodinger’s dissonance where nothing is true while also simultaneously being false and also a conspiracy, you get this.
She has an onion in that towel
My fake libertarian buddy was trying to denounce that the media hated Trump. Hated trump? They all fucking loved trump. For the last four years everything out of his mouth was a story and every tweet was a headline. Any impossibly bad idea to circumvent that man’s head was a gold mine.
That’s me. That’s what they call me, Ol commie Poe
:sad_cat:
They were all I had
If I could not care about American politics for the next decade, I’ll be happy
But that won’t be the case
When will the first Mexican American president happen?
I want a paragraph of the inaugural speech to be in Spanish just to make peoples heads spin.
I will remember this
Viva la rasa
I’m in a debate that increasing supply of refined oil would help the oil industry.
As in the supply would increase, thus the price would decrease so they would sell more... which would some how increase profits...
This is the result
You can kinda artificially increase demand on housing, but... that takes a very specific set of circumstances.
Mostly based on loans, which once again, don’t really exist considering it’s debt, but whatever. You can’t randomly drop price even on a utilized commodity and see enough demand to increase profit.
Yes! Not to mention the 2020 fiasco that completely filled our reserves of crude.
Yes, and there’s a ceiling for demand. Companies aren’t willing to find that ceiling, though. They’d much rather follow the rate of demand within their competition.
That’s the problem. They are using hypotheticals that are theoretical... if X was infinite.
I don’t know this reference
But I understand it
In a vacuum with perfect circumstances.
Yep, sounds like their argument.
I wonder if this will destabilize the oil industry further
Or how their market is going to react. Good thing it happened on a Saturday.
DIVE
Dive
Dow industrial
Not the index as a whole
I have 1000 dollars invested in a stock that says the Dow will do poorly
Alright so
There’s a thing happening with GameStop stock right now
For those that don’t know
GameStop filed chapter...11 I think earlier this year
This made people short GameStop immensely
Thousands of people, including massive firms, invested into a dying stock upwards to billions of dollars of debt and equity in shorts
Welp, here comes Reddit
Reddit said fuck your mouth and artificially inflated the stock to the fucking sky
It’s just a bunch of bros slinging around money and equity
I love it too
Anyhow, GameStop stock went from a low of 5 dollars to 13 dollars to 300 dollars in 4 months
Despite being a bankrupted company
Oh, no. You had to be on the in on this one
There’s some weird shit happening with express designers
And naked brand
These are all obviously clothing lines
That did extremely poorly during the pandemic economically
In essence, a collection of people committed what’s meant to be a pretty offense
But fuck it because nothing matter and Sec doesn’t care
My god
The deep lore goes deeper
Also, this could be considered market manipulation because it’s a cohort of people taking their money and pushing the market in a favorable condition, but since it’s such a large group of people with little leadership and direction, the blame can’t be pinpointed.
That’s would be bonkers
They didn’t really do anything... other than advise and commit a few felonies
What a strange time we live in
Could Reddit itself be on the hot seat
For this
Since it’s a private entity
Strange strange world where Reddit could be in the history books
Taking Econ 102 in 2080 and you get a hot take of Reddit
That’s right. I guess times have changed where social media is a giant in the global landscape
History books will probably be calling this time the adolescent years of SM
You don’t count the social giant zoom?
Sarcasm intensified
Anyhow, this has been a weird day for the market
Ended -600 when it was seeming stagnant
Could be another mid October
I just dropped a hundred straight on Nokia
6.04 a share
Probably gonna dump more
No one knows who they’re gonna pump and dump next
The sub is big and new goes by hot and loose. My guess would be finding the biggest failure on Robinhood for the least amount of money and purchasing it in quantity
The thing is that p/es are so fucked right now that there are only a few handful of companies that actually should be seeing velocity in prices. Right now, the stock market is 70% just a roulette table where you can stick money.
Up 400 dollars from yesterday because I have all my money in vxx and sqq waiting on the next big fall
Those are not meant to be longterm investments
But fuck it
I think I have every right to think a big stock deflation is going to happen within the next year
*4 months later*
Honestly, investing and holding is a powerful thing
Patience usually contradicts loss
I can’t right now. They pulled it from RH
Ah.
Shelley would strangle me if I took some money out right now
One second
Let me put on my best face
I can drop you 200 on paypal
Right now
STIMULUS CHECK
Biden bucks comin
Tell the feds you have 5 children
I'm dropping 300 actually
There are certain applications that let you buy incremental
:CRAB_IS_DANCE:
You think that
We're throwing money around
The market is an unruly beast
There will be other hedges fighting to get the stock higher
Not exlusively
Yes, this how people make money
@Prismatic Sent
Tell me if you need more depending on where it stands
*Yes, waiter. One GME please.*
Life is weird
Let's get weider
welder
If I had invested all the money I had into GME when I first started invested, I'd have 1700 dollars worth of stock at 4.30
Right now
I have a friend
Who has a friend
I wonder how much a call contract costs right now
Golden retardation
Grand holy autism
I'll need to be voted against because there's almost nothing that can make sell any time soon.
That's when I buy more bb
I feel like a shit ton of people are going to exercise their calls
Which would put a fuck ton of buying pressure once they all collectively exercise the call squeeze
FOMO is getting to me. I want to drop 2 more on you, Pris
I'll wait
No
HOLD
Fuck it. I’m throwing you one more share, Prism
Okay, sent
I’m sorry, this is so short notice
I dropped one more and Prism dropped one more
Uh, Jupe
You're canadanian
Need not apply
Don't tell him
Fool
He works with maple money
We all just dropped 500 hundo on a meme
THAT IS THE STUPIDEST THING THATS BEEN SAID IN THIS SERVER
It’s moronic
And I love it
The Gimli meme killed me
Just fucking killed me
This is a day to remember
Day trading is no no
Set the limit to a retarded high
1,200 dollar set limit
You bet
I'm sipping on water surrounded by my living room gym
In the middle of san jose, surrounded by californians
Could be worse
A grand and half each
Dream big
More tendies than you’ve ever seen
Hold. Hold the flag.
Faith
We must have it in times of uncertainty
I hope it soars overnight so no one bitches out
Pre market
Hüdl
Retards incorporated
Explanation as to why Friday and Monday are the big days
Next Friday too
But probably not close to what we’ll see this week
Options are exercised at the end of week
No, this is a battle to keep it above a limit
Eventually, firms that have downed on option shorts need to buy back their volume
This is basically a ticking bomb
Until we are eating caviar out of a femboys ass
Shhhhhh
Shhh
It just hit after market
Let the ship sit still in the eye of the storm
Chad fishsticks
AFTERMARKET BBY
the boys in the suits know they’re fucked
I don’t think your app will allow post market purchases
Only fat cats can do that
Basically, it just hit five. Market end which means that most apps, most brokers that have connections, or really anyone that’s trading ends trades. “Markets” won’t change, but after-hour analysis can still occur for pending transactions. Not to mention, people like us that are trading from person to person or person to entity will also devalue or increase value of the stock.
Yeah, volume decreases thus volatility decreases
Now, say there’s a pending transaction for 500 dollar asks for 200 shares. It will clog the system because it won’t be able to be filled.
That won’t happen
But it would cause opening to be wacky
Market closes at 4 est. everything beyond that is just people cleaning up tickets and doing coke off a the bell
Joking
Times don’t matter but closing bell is technically 4 pm
What did they do with the bell!?
236
We’re gonna be thousanairs
I can finally pay off that loan
For that thing
I can finally clone myself
269.40
Nice
We like the stock
That’s all
Nothing more
Nothing less
Memes are the lifeblood of boosting stock after all
270
Send it to the moon
🚀
334
Rising
Landin “Pull out now while we have a chance” Gonzales
Ben “we’re gonna lose everything” Burgburger
To the moon boys
We’re heading there
I’m also cutting everything in the morning and investing in amc
Fuck it
I don’t give a damn about the losses. I’ll reinvest on “not Robinhood”
That lord of rings meme still got me floored
Fuck I love it
“People that sold at 300 a share”
AOC demands probe into RH ban as she kills a mother fucker on Resident Evil
LET IT BURN
Loss on shorts have reached 70billion
And it only get more as the week progresses
Every Friday for next probably 4 fridays
Diamond hands
400
My thoughts
You’ve read my smooth brain
I’m fucking loaded up
I got a few more chips than just gme right now
I’m hearing 2k ea limit. I’m hearing 5k limit. I’m hearing 10k limits.
This is the day reckoning.
This is the bastion that sits atop the hill. I’m ready to go full retard with this paycheck. Can’t wait for my Biden bucks, baby. Fuck you, champagne popping mother fuckers. Occupy movements be damned. Put money where money is.
If it drops to 2 dollars a share on Monday, there’s next Friday.
This just goes on and on
Well, yes.
Then the austists will find other failing stock until they stop short putting more stock than the company is worth
The thing that they did wrong is go to the media for help. Almost every story publicized this as “stock market is fabricating money as long as you have a smart phone and a couple hundred”.
Now every Jim Bob with their overalls on tight got away from his sister long enough to at least look at it.
Not only does this increase demand, it also increases pressure from the putters with the increased demand
I don’t think I know a person over here that hasn’t at least heard of it and few more that have told me their interests.
400
At open
Hollpld. Everyone knew of the the great morning sell off. Everyone knew that citadel would attempt to shill the non believers and the wannabes, but hold.
That was the most predictable drop since my ass on the dance floor
It’s either now or next week(mid week or Friday)
Demand needs to be high for us to sell
Yes
That is all
@Prismatic I’m not joking to you. I can’t do this as of now on my own account because they’ve locked me out. I shifted too many times today and they stopped my rummaging. I’m going to give you 500 dollars and I’d like you to put it all down on amc.
5% is yours
2.6% total market loss dow industrial
They are tanking the market to combat this
One second
700
From a friend
Don’t worry fuck it
7
Sent
No, just my five
Hmmmm
Alright, I got him
Yes, you make the difference at 5% total
What was the strike price for this
The investment time
Fuck yes
Let’s see what happens
Don’t worry
It’s coming
I’m coming
Now we let the autism rest
WERE CRASHING THE MARKET REEE
Calling it
Monday. 5k ea share. Mid week surge. 8k. Friday, where the other 50% of the shorts are hiding? 18k ea.
Even if this is crazy crackpot silliness.
I’m loving every minute.
Can we get that Fortunate Son war dogs shitpost for this going?
I want it.
Dream big
But
Demand ceiling
We don’t know where it is
Yes
It would be astonishing
There’s a reason why stocks do share mergers
Because of p/e dividends
There are no dividends
I’m imagining right now
Unfortunately
If this happens
More than likely the feds will need to step in
And pay us with tax payer money
Of course
Remember when scientists speculated that the first nuke would set the oxygen in the atmosphere on fire?
This is kinda like that
There’s a reason why he’s holding
He knows
Some know
Some are licking windows
Some understand the very basics that demand is a beast
A beast that can be unchained
I love 2021
Much better than 2020 so far
I love these stupid bitches
I got a really good feeling about amc
Monday. It’s like Christmas
This could actually cause a market singularity
This is actually scary
I’ve been looking at market caps and kinda playing with numbers and the entities involved with the amount of money
There is a chance this can cause millions of shares to rocket passed the actual value of the market
One singular stock increasing in value passed the value of the actual market its being held in
Depending on where the money to cover comes from and how long people hold
This is basically compressing a market point into what is essentially a black hole if the conditions are right
We don’t sell
You fucks
We stay
No matter what happens on Monday. I’ll still love you guys, but we are not selling at the first whiff of profit.
If we all stick to the plan, we can walk away with this legit walk away from this well off
15k or bust
Joking. There is no bust
Monday is going to be something
You guys don’t understand the scope of this amount of equity
No normie does
They just in here to get a sniff of that bbq smothered puss wagon
Don’t worry, I also got my own share on my end.
Don’t worry, Opportunity. We’re coming to save you.
Alright
So I can’t sleep
So let me explain what could be happenings
I’ve been reading data and analysis from the retards
And we all know that a large reason why this is happening is because Citron/Citadel bought more shares than existed.
We know this number is around 30 million shares vs the 17 million that were issued.
Doing simple autism means that that is above a 100% float for puts. That makes no sense. Well, they think it has to do with fractional shares.
Let’s say that a fractional share of .60 was rounded up to a share that was borrowed.
That could accommodate for the missing shares. But let’s say that that number is fudged, which it could be.
Let’s say that every .20 fractional shares were rounded up.
That would mean that the current value of the shares that a person is holding actually carries 80% more selling power than it actually is worth. Not like demand worth, but worth to the company that needs to buy them back at an infinite loss.
That would mean the potential for end growth could be an 80% marginal increase.
...At an infinite loss.
One share... one share is all it takes to actually be much more than one share.
By technicality, people could be seeing one share, but dependent on how much the numbers were completely and utterly fucked, it could mean that potentially, it could a ridiculous amount more.
I can’t wait
This shit show is worth 300 bucks
If they fucked the fractional sharing enough, it could mean that a single share could be as much as ten shares in reality.
Bingo
Don’t be a smoothbrain
Squeeze hasn’t even occurred and there’s still a massive chance of it happening
There’s a small chance that the firms can control the supply
Enough to prevent the squeeze
There’s a lot of people poisoning the well in new
I’m buying the dip
Okey dokey. If it loses anywhere close to 80 dollars in value, it means I’ll have 20 more shares when I liquidate my vxx to cover it. Chips are all in for me. I want to see how far this starship can fly.
AMC won’t do hardly as well as gme, but the growth potential will be something.
Not to mention, they can push amc out a little longer than gme without losing too much cummies
And I’m 10 more shares in
Doubling down is my bitch
I’m telling you, these are short ladder attacks. This is not the “real” price. All they are doing is allowing discounts, but the more they do this, the more it will rubberband the price. They are banking on people selling out and crashing it back down so it can retain a real price of 30 dollars or so, but this will only increase the volatility of the gamma squeeze.
They can crash it, pay interest on a 30 dollar put and slowly buy out the crash, or we can hold and keep the price around 100 and only increase the interest of their negative equity positions.
The longer and higher the price, the more they will bleed. They want price down to scare shills. They can make price look lower than real.
Just to put it in perspective, there’s less volume being shifted right now than in 2003. The numbers don’t match what the market is telling us. People are buying and holding. Very little are selling. Prices can lie, volume can’t. It all adds up to hold no matter where you bought in.
Vw squeeze is a baby squeeze by comparison to the numbers at play here.
The spike, the pad, the decline and then the gamma squeeze
There are two key differences. In the case of the vw spike, it was a sell off between essentially two forces. The majority share holder defined the price and sold when he thought it was enough. That won’t happen here. Everyone has their price, but once again, because this is a large democratized group, the ceiling can be infinite. The other point is that 21, citadel, and citron have double downed on more short putting because of the inevitable decline in the price. Which means, that this can go on for a while rather than the single week short interest of vw.
This is literally a market breaking endeavor
My theory is that it will look like a Seismology Richter Scale report
The closest thing to the vw putting is amc. There has never been anything like gme before.
Who knows, maybe gme is the first stock to ever go negative price for a moment
Looks like sneaky single share market orders of 2000-3200 are being filled
Not proven yet. Someone could have just fucked up, but this is odd.
You only lose when you sell. Don’t paper hands this bitch. Strong friends. Be strong. Good things come to those who wait.
Anyway, now it’s just worth it to see what happens. -78% ain’t bad.
I’ve once blown 80% of my standing before(also because of a pump and dump). My first major loss.
(Also, new on /wsb is a dark place. Do not tread there.)
We don’t know, but the moment the short ladders decline (because it does take a lot of resources and paper trails), we will see a price spike (the fake sell point) and after that point there will be a small sell off because of the fuds. That’s the moment where the firms decide to keep it going and lose a fuck ton in equity for interest(and then let it happen anyway) or let it happen.
At that point, they are expecting bankruptcy, which the feds are hoping for too, because they don’t like to investigate a firm that’s still open.
That’s also the point where the clearing house will be anticipating bad puts and ready for the failure of the insurance coverage.
AND at that point, the banking industry basically shuts down and they figure this shit out
For people that didn’t sell just to see what happens, they’ll probably get cut a piece of equity
Am I expecting this to happen? Yes.
Honestly, at this point, I think the firms are just getting their chickens in line(making sure paperwork doesn’t lead back to the wrong person) and letting it rip.
To andromeda 🚀🚀
I’m making sure to leave at least 1 gme in there even if I sell just to see what happens to it
👆 this? This makes no sense for what we saw today.
And is blatantly illegal.
That single share can be theoretically priceless.
Not to mention, the longer they sit on bad puts, the more people that will be involved and chosen to going to jail if the firms go belly up. Someone’s going to the pin for this, for sure, but the longer they bleed the company, the more people that will get caught up. I’d like to believe they’re all drawing straws right now.
If you believe we’re scared in losing a few grand here and there, they are thinking of living in the woods for awhile.
Meme stocks are amc and gme. BB and Nokia are good boys and are heavily undervalued.
But ball is in our court.
Yes
As we all thought we would
It’s heavily shorted as is the rest of these.
Gme is the special one with over 100% coverage at negative equity on its float.
Which should be impossible
Honestly, at this point, I think that the price will be so outrageous at the point we sell that you wouldn’t even be able to PayPal the transfer.
I’ve also written off the stock in that respect.
Mentally
I’m not lying, if this thing flies, it’s gonna get wacky
Yep
Count me in, papa bear
Aye
(Btw, we need to delete this channel if the equity is ridiculous)
Wicked
Depending on the date it happens, I’ll be paying back everything I invested and reinvesting the total into amc.
Because fuck them
So... technically, you bought more gme than we had before
Gooooooood. Good.
It worked out anyway.
There is a thing about averaging down
But we didn’t do that
Which is even funnier
Bingo
That’s all of us.
Retards and monkeys
Mothering fucking DeepValue
They’re making a movie
Already
“Today at 11. A bunch of nerds, queers, and morons broke the financial broking system.”
!!!!!!!
This is the best bit of news you fucking feet lickers
If we sell over 10k, I’ll get prism tattooed on my ass
And I’ll be listen to this while it blasts into orbit
As a matter of fact, @Prismatic. Put me down for 15 more. I don’t give a fuck. Are you okay with it?
5% interest
It is
That’s why I asked
I’m gonna drop you 1,200 dollars and you buy whatever it gets at open. I’m very confident and highly retarded
Deal is a deal no matter what happens on thurs/Friday. Does PayPal have a limit on transfers?
Because this would look stupidly suspicious
Says 60,000 is their limit
10,000 might be pending
I expect it to be much larger so... we will work out a... fuck it, we’ll work something out in post
I have zero fucks to give and I’m too stupid to understand risk management
You don’t need to explain it if you never give me back the cash
Where we’re going, we won’t need cash
I know I know
But we will take it slow
When it happens
I’m in no hurry. You’re my nest egg
We’ll figure something out
You’re an “artist” now
I like your art
Exhibit a is just a bunch of Holo porn
Obligatory: This conversation is not financial advice
I’m locked
The only reason why I’m sending prims
Or you can do fidelity
This is a wink and a nudge
It never happened
I’m a ghost
I’m actually a 14 year old Filipino girl
This conversation is brought to you by the letter, fuck you faggot. Buy the dips
Nah, I’ll be fine
Don’t place anything you’re not willing to lose
I’m shorting my kidney
I only need one
20 shares for this squishy thing? Fuck yes I will.
I keep reading about fundamentals
Fundamentals
I keep reading about ftl and short coverings with longs and it all adds up to an absolute exposure of the stock
There’s nothing that is preventing this from absolutely running full speed
The price is still far too high
90 dollars isn’t 300 dollars, but at 71 million shares at a 210 dollar difference
This has to go
There’s no way that there was enough volume for sells including the volume for the world to cover their shorts and thereby closing them
It would have taken a ridiculous amount of covering and the price just didn’t add up
If we saw these shorts getting covered, we would be seeing 600, 700, maybe a thousand
300 dollars is pennies based on demand of what I’ve seen
Of course, there’s always illegality methods, but this situation was caused by illegal methods
I have absolutely no reason to believe the influx of price was the shorts being covered
And that’s what I’m going to keep saying until I die with my shares
Which will be relatively soon because of the hernia
Which will also be passed down from generation to generation
Yes, I’m talking to myself, but I need to keep these 💎👏🏼
Even if the “squeeze” we saw was the actual gamma squeeze, it was an honor trading with you all and showing off my modicum of economic knowledge
AMC should do the same, but it’s not covered by a fucking 100+% of float. Only like 60 or so, but it’s still massive for naked puts
We’re really hitting them on all fronts
Just retain float. Once the float gets too low, it will become so volitive that the price will eventually explode
Float is supposedly at 12%. Ridiculous. Price is down, but you can’t trust price anymore. By virtue of demand, this price should be abnormal.
Rapid swing in volatility is expected, but these movements don’t match the volume. Even if they called at 60 —> 400 to cover their shorts, it shouldn’t matter. There’s no way to cover without triggering a supply deficit.
Especially now that price is so low, people are still willing to rally. Maybe they don’t have as much money as they did, but float can only go down as single share buyers will join.
They are banking on float to go up with a sudden rapid supply of sellers. As we’ve seen, many people have set up a limit fall price, but once again, they are just fishing and they need more fish than are in the pond.
Hope
We living on a prayer boys
Well, a lot of people are. Not I, but everyone that yeeted their ira or took out loan deposits.
I don’t care if it looks like 150 by open Prim. Buy it.
That is a fact
Pay to play
Don’t fall flat on your face
These fluctuations are massive
10% ups and downs
In a matter of minutes in pre
That’s wild
Would be awesome if Musk daddy bailed us out at the last second
Although, that would be against his best interest considering his stock would tank like the rest of the market
If we close Friday on another 300, there’s no way they can push this out.
It would be devastating to consider the interest pile. The theta would be ridiculous.
God, I love capitalism
And hate it
Very abusive relationship
Ccp can eat a cock
Deeply
With all of my heart, I’d scream it from the rooftops
Lowest volume I’ve ever seen as buys
Update. GameStop announces something. Nobody cares because valuation nobody what they do cannot equal where it currently stands. Matt Francis could should magic money rainbows out of his ass and it wouldn’t be what it takes to make Gme a 60billion dollar company. Anyhow, put limits are in place after the price is up 10%. These aren’t put limits based on volatility, these are straight up bans on shorting the stock once it crosses that 10% threshold.
Looks like buy to sell is an ~88% buy to a 12% sell. That’s pretty weird considering we were seeing a massive drop in price but no increase in supply while the demand was obviously insanely high.
Basically, the only way to cover their equity would be to short the company more and gain more covered puts or by making calls, which would require them to raise the price on their own naked short sells.
I’m at a 90% positivity that they are beyond fucked
Well, we can think about it. It went up and it went down today. They are waiting for people to sell and lose interest. They are waiting to create a false narrative that the squeeze has already happened. That’s bullshit. There was a popularity bull rally, but there was a fucking gamma squeeze.
It gonna be a minute, but this puppy is getting squozed
I suspect because it’s all fairy dust and pixie shit.
@Prismatic go ahead and pull for me. Shelley is crying and yelling at me. Don’t pull amc, but pull Gme.
Wait
Let’s wait until Friday
She’s not shitting herself
Anymore
She wants to force me to paperhands
But I ain’t no bitch
She might have the whip, but I’m kunta Kinte
They want us to fold and people take the bait but there’s no way they have 70 million shares covered
This is a poker game and they have a 2 of clubs and a king of hearts. We have 2 aces.
@Prismatic false alarm
>mama didn’t raise no bitch 
Yep. Math still doesn't add up
It's numbers and we get a report on tuesday to decide if we're completely fucked
WSB have sold out is no longer a decent indicator, but people on r/stocks are DD and giving pretty well unbiased reports that the reports still don't match coverage
I started to waiver this morning, but the bet is still on our side, it seems. Possibly a 40% to 60% for us
Tomorrow is a good barometer, but tuesday will be the deciding factor where Short interest is at with real updates.
I payed for the memes
I’d also like to remind you guys that you can write off capital loss on your taxes
Up to 3000 dollars
Just saying
The glimmer of hope
The flame, it flickers
The desperation and disparity was disastrous
But we held
If you want to sell, I don’t blame you, but please, I implore patience. This is not financial advice
That’s why I’m going to guess they will initiate a float spike so people that are in the game too deep can get off the ride, but that will only increase another frenzy of interest. There is no evidence I’ve found that indicates that this is over. They are still thoroughly fucked from my outlook. This is not financial advice.
The guy that posted this seems to be truly autistic and I’m proud. I will follow him into the night.
I can’t fucking believe it
I’m day trading dogecoin now
How has this become my life
I’ve made 15 bucks standing here for 3 minutes
This is not financial advice
This is true autism
If I dropped that 600 dollars in doge like I made fun of myself for doing back in June of last year, It’d be worth 12k right now
Sounds incredible
I wouldn’t have it any other way
@Prismatic Prismo. Be on your guard for when it could possibly happen. It might be today. I’ll try and drop you a ping pong if it begins, but I’m not too concerned. Could be weeks from now. All depends on the amount of time where Max pain threshold crosses. (The point at which their interest will outweigh their debt for the squeeze), but I have some of mine and I ain’t selling until I see 100,000 a share. Not joking, but you sell whenever you feel right.
This is not financial advice
More than likely, the grand finale will be a three to four day ordeal
Maybe longer considering this is the MoaSS
I’d like to also add that gme has helped me quit vaping
All the extra money that could have gone to gme went to my lungs. Shame on me.
What we don’t want is everyone blowing their load in the beginning of market open. Of course, this will only lead to being suppressed down. A slow and steady rise will do much more damage.
Good news, everyone
It’s your weekly time to get mindfucked by the market
Okay. Update. Once again, fuckers can keep their naked shorts by shorting shorts as the trend continues down to zero. This only works so long as the price of the stock retains a number of >1. Once they close the gap between here and zero? They are out of time to keep kicking the can down the road. Not only that, but if we see the price become sub-20 dollars, there will most certainly be another frenzy and initiate the squeeze, anyway. Alright, so why am I here when there really isn’t much besides a falling price? Good point. There was the s7 report today. It told us that the short interest was 78%. Now... to give you some perspective, the VW happened with only 15% short interest. Once again, even if they are lying on this report, which they can, 78% short interest is nothing. They could also be hiding their real short interest in synthetic long/calls. They can hedge their shorts with longs to appear as if they are breaking even, but once again, based on institutional holding of float, there’s no possible way that they can cover without dipping into the retail investor’s stake.
Tldr; we hold, we win.
Wait
I think that deserves something better
They’d love it I’m sure.
My retarded friend
Sounds like a horrible thing, but things can surprise even the most cynical nowadays
So, the general consensus:
Option 1 is obviously what we are looking for, which would continue a debt that would essentially vaporize and default anything and anywhere it lands. Basically liquidating the entire stock market and sending massive ripples through the market. The second option is more than likely what we witness. The third option is the second most likely, but we could see a mixture of the first and third if whales continue seeing the trend and just jump in.
It’s not a matter of if anymore, it’s a matter of when. The reason why this is such a careful surgery for people holding non-liquid is because this could tank the entire market and along with an alarming amount of wealth. No one wants to be the catalyst, especially anyone with money.
We wait
Another 40 shares
Another 80
I’m joking, of course, but it doesn’t matter
Because literally 1 stock held twice as long can be 40 stock held half as long
But I could make prism an unfathomably wealthy person
Until everything goes bankrupt
That is
The math is all there. Everything checks out. There is nothing besides fake liquidity in the float that is preventing this thing from going.
This 👏🏼 breaks 👏🏼 the 👏🏼 market. This is 100% legit. There is absolutely nothing stopping this from reaching a terrifyingly large number per share such as 200,000
Besides it tanking the entire global market
This is not financial advice
God, could you imagine the entire financial and geopolitical atmosphere having a world war 2-esk alteration... because of GameStop
Fucking GameStop
This could either be nothing and get a few thousands dollars or it could be the largest redistribution of wealth in history. There is no in between.
And the problem is... not the fact that I’m rambling on or it seems like I’m counting my chickens before they hatch. The real biggest problem is... that I could be right
We go big or we go home
I’ll take a wild guess and say the fireworks will start happening March 6. Could be any time, but they don’t have enough equity to remain solvent passed March for sure.
What a time to be alive
Seriously
I get to talk to my Alzheimer’s induced manifested children about these days
RETAIL HAS 80% OF SHARES
Holy fuck
I’m dying
We have them so fucked. Remember, they are bidding against themselves. They look around to see someone trying to get these shares and it’s JUST THEM.
WE HAVE THEM SO FUCKED
Not even 3 whales could ruin this
And hitting the beta hard enough to even remotely have enough to affect the gamma
I spent an hour laughing
Thinking about the loan people looking around and trying to bid for these unreasonably priced shares
Only to find just themselves
The first booker to run holding the 69,420 ticket bid
THEY ARE SO FUCKED
This is it. Meme stock my ass
Morningstar is a slightly reputable report agency for the clearing house
Like Bloomberg. They get data and make it transmittable. They are a report company
Yep. It’s speculative based on volume, buy/sell ratios, option bids and theta recordship.
It’s classy, but it’s a technicality, but based on what we’re seeing in the books, they are running very low on ambient sales
In the morning ask booklets are popping up
Our prices
People have seen our prices as the first bids for us
2000’s, 3000’s, 9999’s.
Because the phantom shares (or the false ftd’s) are getting vaporized slowly and leaving the real shares
Uh, based on everything I’ve seen and witnessed and read and studied, it is looking *EXTREMELY* clear that we are the ones that are on the side of this type of analysis. This would be about 70% accurate at the worst.
This would be the same data that professionals are using to make analysis. This is somewhat level playing field, but we are just up against a 4 trillion dollar entity with some of the greatest minds in the world. It’s reasonable to say they have a massive upper hand in making reactionary movements, but this doesn’t require a fast reaction.
Public, but it’s through a private company.
For the most part all of this. Some of it you need a cft license, but for the most part, this information can be obtained with a basic subscription to the company
Uh, I’d give this a 95 us, 5 them
No no no
That would be retarded
I love the fact that the market is the most naturally synthetic thing in existence
And then something like this comes along
And divides by zero
The biggest gamble was relying on all of us to quickly build up 40 million shares pretty rapidly
There’s about 80,000 on gme alone and not including the smaller subreddits that everyone divided out into after the fall of wsb. Not including bots and a small calculation, it would be about 190 shares each on average
Completely doable
This is incredible
High hundreds
Ha
Ha
Ha
Try tens of thousands
70% massive squeeze over in a few weeks  
Tesla was shorted about 20%
It looked like a slow rise over the course of a year, but they didn’t need to pay the ridiculous interest rate because the shorted stocks could be much more easily acquired but also, the amount of options were higher, so they could hedge their losses over time.
Gme is the perfect storm for no one giving out long options in massive quantity
I’m not joking, this is going to be a bit ridiculous no matter which way it goes
We could literally be making a new market
Inside of a market
“What’s gonna happen.”
I hope GameStop subsidizes nasa
And we can make a gaming lounge in space
*30 years later: GameStop acquired virgin aerospace*
One of the only ways that this could be extended is if Robinhood straight up just shut down and steal away everyone’s gme share overnight.
It would literally be the last thing they could do and that might not even do much considering most have moved to fedality or vanguard
They did the worst things possible at first
They called it a meme stock
Never fucking call it a meme stock
Second, don’t cry on tv about how were cyber bullying billionaires
God, they did the worst possible things
I’m manically laughing
They are losing 2.1 billion dollars every three days
For us just chilling out and working our jobs
I’m literally getting payed hundreds and hundreds of dollars and hour— worth of what is basically a bond right now in my pocket
WE OWN THEIR DEBT
This is not financial advice
Richest men in the world:
So... on that note
Brexit
One of the worst timed economic reform ever in history?
I might buy Royce-Royce when Given the opportunity
They tried to hide their monstrous shorts in an etf
:SmugFloof:
>what do we do guys!?
Also, I speculate that the only thing they have left to do is for the float to run dry
At that point, it would secure that all positions will need to be neatly covered and in one place. The problem is that they have to shake out the single shareholders, the whales, the apes, and the kitchen sink
Everyone has a price, but you can damn well guarantee that there are people in that demo that literally forgot they purchase a single share
Basically, their only hope is for a large institutionalized holder to sell off, but there is a 4 week reporting period before a majority shareholder can just up and sell. Not only that, but even if the largest shareholder (at 21%) sells off, they would still need to cover beyond 100% of float
We have them dead to rights
I’m not hopeful about this number, but with these etf’s now included in the formula, short interest might be higher than previously even from the highest point from the January SI% report. This could be fuckery to the highest extent.
My aunt
And her weird ass perspective on this simulation
Hitler ruined the only mustache some of us guys can grow
Fuck his name
Guy single handedly destroyed an entire facial hair variation
Wait, if this *is* tapped into etf’s... to cover shorts... this could be bad. Melvin went perfect cell on this bitch.
Prism, I’m bout to make you rich dawg
Not at all
“When do we sell?”
Once again, this is breaking the fundamental laws of supply and demand and entities who are footing the bill have around 14 trillion dollars between them and us. Even if it did hit meme price of 69k a share, the amount of float multiplied by that is only 90 billion dollars. We haven’t even hit a tenth of a trillion.
Try 100,000 dollars a share and we’ve breached 1 trillion finally
You cannot fully grasp the concept of how much equity is involved here
The best factor is that probably around 150,000-250,000 are involved in this stock.
Float divided by 250,000 is only 68 shares a person, which we know much more people are carrying much more shares in larger increments. They will sell out first, leaving the people around 1-100 shares left as the hold outs. These are the future millionaires
Fuck you. I earned this. We took the risk.
Remember when we sold
And rebought and I almost cashed out
I was almost retarded enough to do it
Good thing I’m much more autistic than retarded
Good things
“Mr. Value...”
I wonder how much of Congress knows exactly how many illegal moves they’ve played in the last month and half, alone.
I’m sure they’re fine with it, don’t get me wrong, but I’m wondering how many of them understand what an ETF actually does and why it’s illegal to short it to hide shorts of a branching stock.
So it begins
Supply is slowly reaching infinite demand
No volume means no bids. No bids means only irrational asks.
You don’t need a financial degree to see that demand > supply
Uh, this might mean nothing because the entire market is just a giant think engine
But... if you have capital, you might want to move it into something that’s extremely secure
Vxx and vix are etfs for volatility index. Now, what that means here in this photo means is that some really big players(enough to move an index overnight 5 dollars on an etf that can just generate their own shares) are moving money into it... hedging money.
What does this mean? It means big dogs think that shit is gonna go down.
Just a cautionary tale. Don’t move around your entire ira or mf, but just be warned that it’s becoming much more complex by the day and I’d hate to see my friends lose a substantial portion of their hard earned value.
Just gonna drop this here
Sorry
I’m high on hopium
Any safe port in a storm
It 👏🏼 all 👏🏼 doesn’t 👏🏼 make 👏🏼 sense. 
I’m fucking jacked to the tits. Even if there is a bailout of some sort, we still get paid, but the us government is held against a wall right now, too considering the recently added 23 trillion of debt. The clearinghouse will take this. My solution? Buy cooperate debt bonds, especially those of large banks and brokerages. Slowly the ftd’d shares they are trading back and forth behind closed doors will dry up and the solvent shares will be the last remaining at an 8:1+ ratio. That’s right, the last ftd call for gme was 359 million. This math doesn’t check out because it’s extremely rough, but if we take the ftd’s without even taking into the consideration the institutionalized shareholding’s at 127%(???), we walk away with an 8 to 1 ratio. Your shares are currently worth 8 or more times what the price says and will ever say.
Ftd for gme ($359 million)/ float = 8. 8 x current value of 50 is... ding ding ding 400 dollars. Sounds like a familiar number
We’re about(at some point) to make a fuck ton of money
The only thing scarier than prism is prism with infinite resources
Was one my favorite quotes like 5 weeks ago
And it could potentially be true within the next day, week, month, or year
“We don’t sell until you feel uncomfortable.”
“Literally scared to have that much money.”
I’m also leaving a singular share of gme inside Robinhood to bankrupt them
(with the rest of the RH holdouts(that exist for some fucking reason))
This is called liquidity overexposure
God, I can’t believe they short sold xrt to try and hide their short interest. If short interest really is above 400%, I’m gonna just emotionally cum.
My economics boner can only get so raging
Okay, so, this is what happened on Friday, because I don’t want to spam this channel constantly, but I can’t contain myself
They filed for 16 million shares worth of puts under a 40 dollar strike price. Which means, if they could get these contracts, they could ride them out until the brokerages told them to exercise the equity under the contracts or let them expire. Basically, it was a way for them to go from 74% SI to maybe a 50% SI because they weren’t expecting to exercise them, which would blast the price anyway. BUT IT DOESNT MATTER ANYWAY BECAUSE ALL THE SHARES ARE LOCKED INTO INSTITUTIONALIZED LONGS. Anyhow, right before closing, we got a massive gamma surge and the market closed at 40.12. So, they had to exercise the contracts anyway so they could hedge their losses! Because the fucking contracts were going to expire worthless. Since there’s no volume right now, this will send a surge on Monday no matter what. But it will take t+2 for the exercises puts to hit the market price.
Not to mention, xrt and gmer(the efts that they borrowed shares from) found out what they were doing and halted short selling on their stock. Because their stock were being disassembled by the hundreds of thousands (they short gme and long everything else and this essentially destroys the eft’s share and makes it divisible)
Now, within the month for sure, short interest will go right back to where it was prior to the Frenzy
And prove that the price is simply low volume and not because the squeeze has been squozen. At around a staggering 400% short interest(if the math is correct based on the eft’s participation)
If they so much as sneeze at the wrong time in the next 2 weeks, we will be millionaires by March
Once again, the only real circuit breaker at this point is Uncle Sam stepping up to the plate, but what will happen when we just... have the shares still in there. The demand will still be outrageous no matter what happens... will they subsidize the shareholders? Will they just... let us go.
(Shorting a company is a bet that that company will go bankrupt, essentially. You are attempting to short the company into the ground. If the company carries say 10% Short interest, it begins to mask the market cap in a short interest shadow. The higher the chance of the company not going bankrupt while having a short interest shadow cloaking its market cap means the stock is 90% meaningful. The market cap, if the company doesn’t go under means you can take about 10% of the value of the market cap and make it meaningful. But what happens when the stock is 100% meaningless? Then it becomes irrational under the market cap. The market cap no longer has any value retained because it becomes infinitely meaningless. What happens when a company’s market cap is contained under 400% meaninglessness? We don’t fucking know)
Dow Jones Jan 28,29
Gme
The only hedges on the market are meme stocks
Found this pretty decent piece
2020 of april called out about short sellers
Alright, listen here fuckboys
I know I’ve been saying a lot of bullshit
So, here’s the thing, there’s a gamma squeeze and then a short squeeze. Easy concepts. Gamma is used to gauge the delta and delta is just fancy words for the the direction the share is moving monetarily.
Gamma tells wether or not something is going to be in the money after a certain period of time. More gamma, less time you got to fail on a contract. Blah blah blah. Who fucking cares.
Anyhow, a gamma squeeze is where people begin to hedge their losses on shorts by using high strike price, high Theta(the decay of value overtime) contracts. Basically saying, “I’m gonna get fucked, so might as well use lube.”
The momentum of the price being so volatile allows for them to pretty much plinko into the next contract as it moves upwards. That’s a gamma squeeze because the more money invested in upwards contracts, the more the value of stock will be determined higher.
That’s a gamma squeeze. It’s pretty simple. But a short squeeze happens after or during the gamma squeeze.
Basically, the price will become so redundant at this point that interest rates shoot through the fucking roof to continue carrying  shorted shares.
This is the frenzy. Everyone and their dog fall one by one as they jump over each other to attempt to get hold of a share to close their shorts.
Like a chum bucket in an open lake of piranhas.
People start scratching and clawing their way to get hold of enough shares to close their contracts because interest rates will bankrupt them in short time. So, they’d rather pay a liquid premium rather than slowly melt in the sun.
Doesn’t matter if they are part of Melvin, Citadel, or a firm connected to anywhere. Brokers are brokers and they carry these shorted shares directly.
It’s every man woman and child for themselves at that point.
But here’s where it gets really fun.
All the shares and then some are locked away in institutionalized holders. I’ve already covered this, but basically, as we sell, we are just selling them fractions of shares.
:SmugFloof:
It’s really evil and I love it.
Haha! I wasn’t crazy.
We are holding gme hostage and they are now holding the stock market hostage.
ETF’s all over the s&P are about to turn into the new cdo’s of the market.
What’s up bitches
Don’t speak too soon, though
This might only be a gamma squeeze
Until it hits 800 dollars, I won’t call it a short squeeze
This is just someone with a lot of money shaking the hornet’s nest.
There is no indication of a short squeeze, but this can lead to the short squeeze
Someone is playing with the gamma and in doing so, might hurt brokers enough, it can begin to initiate the short squeeze
All it takes is one little firm that has extensions in citadel that want to get off the ride to start the real engines
My baby
My only child
That’s is called a call
It is an underlying contract worth 100 bought at a premium
From the strike price, onwards, it allows whoever proceeds the contract to buy 80,000 dollars worth of gme
Although, it’s in my fucking rh account and they are stuck in the transfer. Fuck them.
That, or this will make the equity lockout and become insoluble and completely demolish RH. That would be a win to me.
The fuse has been lit.
Man, wouldn’t it be nice if I can go back to school for economics
Despite being a retarded
This comment is easy enough for Jupe to understand
Gottem
Joking. Love you, Jupe
Here’s the thing the hedgies are probably doing, including citadel to a lesser extent(considering they still owe anywhere from 90-240 million shares). They would place massive orders for contracts for calls that are still in the money at the current strike price. This would provide them with exercisable contracts through CMM’s to get the shares for them. This is funny because they are making money from it and now forcing Chicago option writers to get the shares for them, but they can’t do it forever considering they still need more stock that exists. But in doing this they simply raise the price of the stock which increasing the amount of interest they are paying per stock.
Jupe I must ask
How, out of thousands of square acres
Is Canada, one of the most barren and exposed landscapes in the world
Are they on this list
Well, I guess it is a income ratio
But still
If you gave me a map of Canada and a dart, there’s a 90% chance I’d land on a place where I could just homestead a random lot of land and no one would bat an eye
People avoiding Ontario like it’s gonna give them maple syrup cancer
I just got contacted by my first shill bot trying to get me to sell my gme shares
I feel privileged
Proceeded as follows:
Well, yes, but it was directly after I placed my first comment in wsb after about a month. It also was an account that was 5 days old with 0 comments and 0 posts.
Obviously, my intention wasn’t to ever get him to the point of telling me to sell off my investments, but it was extremely blatant.
Green line is macd. Red intersection is called shoulder and heads.
The intersecting points between the lowest point and the highest point in a given rate.
So, a little update, they’ve recruited Chicago. Chicago are market makers that control option spreads and future spreads. They write contracts. Basically, they bought 100 of thousands of long calls, but it wouldn’t be anywhere close to how much shares they need.
It just means that the brunt of the impact won’t be on specifically Citadel and 21, alone. They’ve now, through clever action, now put someone else’s hands in the cookie jar.
The thing is, Chicago can’t really take much of an impact. They don’t necessarily have a significant amount to liquidate. Which means, if they default, it goes straight to the ClearingHouse.
Basically, Gme is now not only an aneurysm, but a cancer
Each share: a live equity hand grenade
My market singularity theory is still in play
I came a little today when it licked 150
They can’t short as heavily anymore because they are gonna be on the ftd list for the previous 4 weeks of consecutive shorting.
Clears skies ahead, boys
DDTC just release papers to liquidate members at will based on exposure.
:laughingnebby2:
They can now begin liquidating any and all members based on high volatility exposure.
This includes... entities
Is there a word for beyond bullish?
This is a rule they haven’t touched for 50 plus years. It just so happens that they change it now. It would mean that there is a sudden change in risk exposure
A risk exposure that the ddtc would be scared of... a 70 trillion dollar entity
Good evening, Apes.
Damn it I missed one
10,000 dollars: This might be where we see the OG WSB sell off. You know, the lucky fuckers that got in at 5-10 dollars a share. The folks that made this somewhat possible to begin with. They made their tendies. Some are in it to say fuck you and will hold until they perish of old age while getting a handsy from their ninth concubine on their gold plated yacht, but most will cash out. If I’m not mistaken, this was the quantum number that everyone thought was impossible back in December. At this point, we may have seen a lot of shorts covered. Price could be moving much slower, but with larger jumps. People would also be teetering on those 300 dollar dips. But do not fear. Chance of sell off: Moderate
100,000 dollars: Shares are nonexistent. These are the people that bought their share and went to their cabin in Montana to live off the land. These are the people that bought in to play Rise Against while they look over their urban jungle they call home. The only people left are big money looking for big money or it’s the statistically improbable apes. It’s beautiful. Everyone is watching the news to see the GME price. It’s how we tell time now. We are getting Jimbo the Bartender to interview on the local news because he’s still holding with 25 shares. Chance of sell off: Maybe, I don’t know. I thought I knew by the time I was writing this.
:smugDance:
Holy fuck. Even I’m surprised
And I know why it’s happening
We’re back in the green, boys
Initial investment achieved
But wait, there’s more. We aren’t even one week into the gamma squeeze yet.
I’ve also now made more in the previous 2 days than I make in 2 months
Let’s fucking go.
So, a couple scenarios:
There’s a thing called a density curve
Like a ellot’s shelf
And shit like that
That is WAY above my head
It’s basically directional indicators of how the cup and handle will look
Does any of this make any sense?
No. It shouldn’t
Non of it should be logical
To any degree
It does feel like we’re alone on this because no major news network is chiming in on it. It’s gonna get wild, boys... I think.
Like 85% sure we’re gonna see some weird shit. Saw a 3 dollar drop before closing today.
Wild shit dog
:pikachuRetarded:
240
I’m retarded
Yes
We’re making a profit
Because the floor became 40 dollars. A billion calls were made that promised people 100 shares per contract. Then a good whale brought the price above 100 which triggered a gamma squeeze and now hedge funds keep shorting the stock, borrowing it from institutions to continue shorting the stock, but MM and we are buying them while the whales keep the floor overnight and in the morning and through the midday dips.
Has no one been reading anything I put in here
This is a TTM squeeze. The real gamma squeeze happens around a week from now when all the ITM calls will force the market makers to rapidly purchase shares for their calls.
That’s a gamma squeeze, essentially
But the short squeeze will happen anywhere from 620-1200 dollars from the gamma squeeze
The shorts haven’t even been covering this entire time. As a matter of fact, the opposite. They’ve just been shorting it over and over each day. The Short Interest is estimated to be now 265-900 percent
We just don’t have enough data to prove it from the opposite side. We have just enough data to presume a bottom and a top
It could be anywhere in between
If it’s truly at 900 percent. This will get so large that the global market would feel it
Because the us bond market is so fucking large and its connect to the dollar based on the fiat system
Bla bla blah
That all doesn’t matter
Basically, shits about to get wacky
In what could be the next two weeks because two things would happen. We hit 600 dollars for the price of the shares and that would cause the amount of short interest to liquidate Melvin into insolvency.
Or the dtcc literally does a margin call on Melvin and then citadel
🦍 make shelf. 🐳 push price. 🌈🐻 make price zoom.
“Where were you when the financial revolution happened?”
...*takes off glasses*
69 million* to correct that
Instead of 17 million
Shorts, not puts
I fucked up
Yes
This makes perfect sense
I feel like I’m the Joseph Joestar of finances
Like, I’m capable, but a lot of it is dumb luck under the gist of convenience
Ready for another 35 dollar pre market
I warn though, they will short the everliving out of the stock at 1000 because that’s the last play they have before this thing goes into ridiculous drive.
I think we're gonna breach 300 today or at least there's gonna be a big fight over it.
Everyone: panic 
New floor is 180 by the way
No, my best evaluation is that they saved up a bunch of shorted shares over the course of who knows how long and just dumped it all at once
Into the float so that it looks as if supply sharply increased
It’s massively illegal
We literally just got mugged in broad daylight in front of a cop
But
It just went on sale
In reality
Because the monkeys make the floor
Floor is 180 and they had a rough time through the trade stoppage to break past it
Then... it just recoils
Because institution will continue to buy
(Whoever is on our side)
It’ll probably get above 300 today easily and there might be a big battle over that number
If they just let it continue like it did, it would probably be well over 400 right now
This is the snowballing effect of the gamma squeeze and they will bleed dry around 600
Short could begin closing positions today or tomorrow and begin competing for shares with MM
Or they can up and do what they did just now again with the Hail Marys
Holy fuck
I could be wrong
Disregard
This was our side. Within the dip, they loaded on 1-3 million dollars worth of contracts
They took into consideration that we would hold and we did. They fucking flooded the float, nuked the price of contracts, loaded on calls all through next week and yeeted it up again
It means one of two things
It’s our side making this the monster of all Gamma Squeezes.
Or it’s Shitadel hedging their losses while Melvin will go under.
If it’s citadel, it just means they are pushing a portion of their infinite loss on Market makers.
If it’s a difference HF or MM, they are killing Citadel and Melvin.
Either way, we about to get paid.
But it requires riding the wave.
This is because this isn’t just a fight between us normies anymore. This the institutional way of slapping someone’s wrist because they’re acting out.
This is much larger than just Melvin and citadel. These are big players duke’ing it out.
And going all out instead of just poking at each other
We’ll find out when I’m right
There are over 6,000 contracts sitting at 350.
If we hit this, it would force Market Makers that write these contracts go into the float and purchase more shares.
Obligating their contracts because they are not waiting out the t+2 to obtains their shares. They are just getting them because they know the price won’t come down.
Has 👏🏼 no 👏🏼 been 👏🏼 a 👏🏼 word👏🏼 I 👏🏼 post
I’m about to make us hundreds of thousands if not millions of dollars
Red arrow/red line is bollinger band. Green line is running strike average. You can see earlier before the big jump to ~170 from ~40, those two things were in trajectory to converge.
Not saying it’s going to be next week for another, harder to at a GS, but it seems to be a nice trend
Hopefully a squeeze that the hedgies can’t short into oblivion
Either that, or we will be on course to just jump every week higher and higher until we get to the magic number that tells them they are insolvent
If it does launch this week, more than likely, we will see one final pervasive action held against us. It could even potentially knock the price somewhere down to the 40-80 dollar range before the actual short squeeze. We don’t know, but if they exercise a fuck ton of puts at once, they can essentially tell Market Makers to sell off en mass and tank the price along with whatever they want to short it with. Of course, this would be artificial and people would want those dips so hard.
There will also be 500-800 dollar dips while the price is mooning
Be prepared if you want to watch the fireworks
We hold over 210% of shares outstanding
Not only is SI above 200%. We are also holding 200% shares outstanding with institutional.
This. Is. Not. Meant. To. Happen.
This is gonna fucking go whenever it goes.
Borrowed 1.6-3.0 million shares from eft’s today
Yeeeha
News update. Citadel just began issuing 3.6% yield bonds at a debt target of 200 million dollars
🗿
A small look at all the indicators that sound like Quake levels
One more bit of nonsense
Before I go to sleep
For work
Alright, GME is officially among the handful of stocks to ever get into the negative beta club
You can do your own research on this. I’m not going to explain beta.
But it’s... really fucking weird.
@Prismatic how many shares total do you have of gme?
Need a quick tally for the tendies
Yes, I’ve gone native
Don’t judge. Monkey see, monkey do and whatnot.
What is the TdTs hedge?
Or where is the standing on that?
Including my own
Also, do you have a price target for your own personal?
If not, don’t worry.
(Btw I read all of that wrong)
Well, that’s actually the best scenario
I wonder how we’re going to spend our 12 million dollars
2 Costco pizzas
71 pizza-topped-dominoes-pizza-toppers
Yes
They are *massive*
And above decent
I’d actually prefer them to most top competitors
Besides round table
Round table is top shelf in my mind
Costco sells poutines...
This
I need to try
When I buy a house in Quebec
*
Maybe a condo
I don’t want a house
In Canada
Maybe Victoria
God, I loved Victoria. It was so fucking gorgeous
100,000 for a cheap condo.
Fuck it. I’ll take it
Compare that to the 2.2 million dollar condos on top of Santa row in San Jose
It really is
Went there to fish quite often
Before 2001
Good memories
Of Canada
Old enough
No new updates, btw. It’s all the same song and dance up to this point. 
Believe in the almighty triangles
In regards to after hours price change/spike to 374
OVB is telling a different story
We are currently making the sequel
As I type
1. The price dropped so dramatically yesterday that market makers didn’t bother to hedge higher calls 
It will continue to do this until they no longer continue to short the stock
Or have the inability to do so
Eventually, it could get to the point where we see -100% drops every other day while being broken up by 120% intervals
If it doesn’t implode by then
The wildest ride in the west
Yeeha
So
March 30th that thing (forget what it’s called maybe like cr15 or something like that) comes to a close.
This was the Covid relief bill where banks could leverage their spreads with bonds and didn’t need to report it.
Basically, they were able to leverage themselves with bonds but they may have leveraged themselves too much. They expected to give a continue of the referral. Blah blah blah. Prism and the others would be able to explain this better.
Well, times up and chips are on the table, basically. If the market rolls a seven on the crape’s table, we will see the banks being massively over-leveraged and this means they will have overexposed themselves.
It would be a convenient cover up to blame gme and the short squeeze.
Or visa versa. Who knows. This is historical and the timing is *super* convenient.
To summarize, the National financial-equity sector might sneeze and accidentally shit itself
70-Fr-20578 is what it’s called
No one here will know what this means
But it’s really fucking awesome and slightly terrifying
Never mind. It’s as equally awesome as it is terrifying
Hedgefunds are starting to get margin called from exposure and leveraging themselves on upward trending stock.
What this means? It means banks and creditors are getting scared and they are calling out funds.
They are asking for their short positions, but the hedgefunds have been covering their short positions with synthetic long positions.
This is happening all over the market
To stall and hide ftd’s
Holy
Ever
Living fuck
If this is true
Short selling at a 20:1 leverage...
For those that don’t understand:
Just add a couple zeroes depending on if the stock is worth 10+ or 100+
(Yes, large funds can average down, too and continue shorting until margin call leaving some of these numbers very generalized, but you get the idea that they are playing with a lot of zeroes if they are margin called by banks or loanees)
This is how this recent hedge fund just got nuked by a creditor
So, it begins
On a side note, I just found out that quite a bit of Tulip Mania and FOMO from farmers and even just day traders
:sad_cat:
I love that story
This disappoints me and makes me sad
Damn. Always thought it was a bubble do to short selling inflation
I mean, it’s still a working theory
But oh well
Anyhow, getting margin called will fuck your day up
And probably your life
Yeah, some people just took these stories without any major sighting simply because these were words that traveled hundreds of miles without context or citing from multiple scholars.
They just... would get transmitted around
Yep, nada
A bubble like that would form and deflate rapidly. This thing was said to last weeks or a month.
That’s why I think I like finances and operation. When you melt all the bullshit down. When everything is brought down to its commonality— the bands, all the fancy lingo, every unintuitive crap no one gets, all the regulations and reports— you get the three major keys to a market. Bid, ask, and volume
Everything in the market boils down to those three basic components and no matter what they always attempt to return back to a equilibrium
We’re pretty vague about what the equilibrium is or looks like or acts like, but it’s there
Never mind
There’s an actual term for market equilibrium
And we do know what it looks like
:smugDance:
Please read this
This is the real deep dive. Told you about that market singularity
🎆 🎆 🎆
Sit back and enjoy the fireworks
Things
Are
Getting
Fucky
Best way I’ve seen put
Gme is a bmb inside of a bmb factory, but it’s the one bmb that’s lit
No bailout. Feds can’t spend another ~10trillion dollars to patch this one up.
~~Now, I’m not telling you tell everyone that you know, love and care about to move their 401k, Ira, or portfolio. That would be irresponsible of me and nearly illegal, but if this were the time, I’d say that this was getting close to the last time to warn anyone you care, love, or adore in your life.~~
Don’t worry about it Canadian
Gross
I’d also like to state that the Gme beta (-21 - -35) indicates that gme is living in a quantum state like schrodinger's cat.
Based on observation alone, a negative beta this high means that gme lives in this weird paradoxical environment where a market crash makes it shoot or it shooting up causes a market crash
At the same time
Not only that, but a meeting of the minds (FSOC) met yesterday.
This hasn’t happened since 2016 and Brexit. This is because of the naked shorting of the 10 year us treasury bonds. (There is no way it wasn’t a focal point). If true and they don’t stop it, there is no guarantee that money will be worth anything once the ftd’s for our own treasury bonds are on someone’s spread.
The blood is poisoned and citadel is the infected arm that needs to be amputated for what is essentially financial treason
Gme is the only hedge on the market
Also, this isn’t anyone’s fault besides people that wanted to ride a rising wave. They artificially increased the flow of a market that was thought to be forever bullish. The bull run of a century can’t be sustained. It was not a sustainable market. It was incentivized to create equity from unbacked liquidity that caused this.
Daily cases world wide also looking bullish
If we can see a cup and handle from the logarithmic indicators, we could see a spike upwards by the end of July
This a joke btw
Ten year treasury bonds... wait, is that a fucking cup and handle indicator
On fucking bonds?
While there’s a treasury bond shortage?
TLDR; the market is at the point where nothing makes any sense and things are gonna get fucked up and wacky.
Always. It’s mostly static
It helps me distract myself from the misery of this world.
Although, if I’m right, our money could be theoretically worthless by Monday.
(If they default on the collateral payments because of this compounding leverages)
“We’re not a monopoly.”
I don’t think there really can ever be true victory for fair use while giants battle out the rights to the literal meaning of fair use. So long as there’s incentive to largely fight each other’s credibility, it sounds like it will always be a tool of convenience.
Nice.
*sits back*
I’m glad someone goes through these things
They are soooo boring
As I’ve been going through SEC filings lately, they are like reading a wet sock
I imagine this is close, but at least you can read testimony at least
You things are bad when suit testimony is the spice
“Yo, this shit you wrote. It’s nice and all, but what... if... it was ours...”
Coding does go above my head, but were they literally copying and pasting operations into their own code from another operation?
If fucking Metallica can sue for chords, this shit is redundant
I understand my jargon. People who do finances don’t understand the jargon.
This comment brought to you by more indicators that sound like Final Fantasy stages
The yugioh-financial paradox. The more it sounds fictional, the less it’s relevant
Me to my other server where I actually seem like a brain: “guys, things might get bad and if you have a mortgage, depending on the interest involved, you might be kicked in the teeth with lost equity in property value.”
It’s a ARM refi too
Can we all pour one out for my homie
2 very worrisome indicators
Many countries straight up stopped reporting their inflation rates in 2017. 2015 obviously became the deciding factor in many ways where a catalyst occurred.  I don't think Brexit was the cause, I think Brexit was the aggregate. Then 2020 happened and they said full steam ahead to the tune of trillions of dollars. We are going to need to stop printing or we will need to continue to spend from the government. I wouldn't be surprised if this would cascade into a UBI or UHC rollover to increase government spending. If they don't turn off the printers and don't issue more bonds to kill the rehypothecation process, we are looking at a Venazuala level of inflation if we don't turn off those fucking printers. There is no amount of quantitative easing that can cure the bond market right now.
Individually investing:
Big boys get chairs. *stiff handed clapping*
*Fen says one thing*
You’ll still need to do that annotation when I’m right
1,200 at the top of 07. 4,137 as of right now. Have we magically become 4 times more profitable/efficient since nearly our entire economy was backed by farcical securities?
Nah. This is a bubble trillions upon trillions of dollars large. o7
When this is all said and done, I guarantee you that at least 20-30% of this is mostly rehypothecation run amok and Enron's business model with subsidiary shell companies is much more prevalent than we understand.
Elliot Waves from prior exposure crashes has us aligned around 2,500 for the next crash, which was set to break 4,000(sitting 4,137 now).
Ah, the Covid Chronicles
Good times
I’d like to also say, gme just paid off 260 million dollars worth of debt bonds that were due 2023.
Now, this doesn’t matter for the company and it’s operations, but what it does mean is that dividends can now be given through shares.
Guess who pays dividends if all shares are loaned? That’s right, the shorters must pay for dividends. Now, what would be even better is if the dividends were in the form of cryptocurrency that didn’t exist yet.
Because they could do that, which would basically force a share recall.
Banks need liquidity/leveraging rates for some reason
:thonk:
Eh, guess we’ll just ignore that
This goes back to them making swaps because they always want to be delta neutral on a trade. But as they go long, the swap goes short and gets duplicated until they margin call someone and that person has to margin call the next person and so on and so forth.
“BuT tHaTs IlLeGaL.” Yes, but now we’re here.
This doesn’t even include the Treasury Bond nonsense that has almost every major bank overleverage to the tits.
Banks (moh) look great on paper until they don’t.
Jp and Goldman just issued the largest bond buying program in history... on one of the best earning reports
30 billion in bonds issued
Normal company behavior™️
Housing market right now
COMPLETELY NORMAL BEHAVIOR
Nothing to see here. Move along citizen
Another Hedge Fund destroyed Friday by Suisse Bank. 3.6 billion dollar marginal loss
“What did you do during pandemic?”
Because they own a living fuck ton of us bonds. If we stop using the LIBO system and start tying interest rates to yield rates, they will see a massive collapse in their own ability to loan. Once again, a big hit to leverage rates outside of the us.
This magical low interest rates for borrowing is not sustainable. No one wants to be in debt and banks don’t even want to loan right now. The facade of these low interest rates is going to collapse eventually.
Not necessarily. The dollar could potentially become scarcer in the us, which would cause deflationary periods and increase the buying power of the dollar. What this would do outside of the us would **wreck fucking shop** internationally.
Frozen assets, limited commodities, and securities would look as if they are losing value, as well.
But the price of condoning business would follow the value of a dollar
That is why people who hold property/assets want inflation
Because evaluation on securities and assets only go up.
If a bond becomes more expensive to purchase than the bond value, it means that the yield rate is worthless.
No one wants it as leverage because it no longer has any
And we’re looking at a potential bond squeeze
Because bonds have been rehypothecated so much in the recent 4 years that there’s actually a bond shortage
That is why if the bond goes underwater and it’s tied to leverage rates for banks, we could see negative loan rates if banks are hurting for money. Or we can see interest rates skyrocket if they choose to keep them on their spreads as leverage. This would mean that banks have less and less trust in people affording their loans.
Like I said, things are going to get wacky when quantitative easing is no longer effective
Did you know Cramer has a 42.5% accuracy rating for his picks with a -110% loss with 4 month plus long positions
You could literally pick any stock and you have around a 50% chance of picking a returning stock at a 4 month return
(Within the last 2 years not including the Covid crash)
Also, there were ~145 hedgefunds created in the year of 2019 alone
Individual investors are just riding in the wake of money makers
Big banks have been using crypto to launder money as an asset that sets no presidency or limit on their balances
Greatest 👏 panzi 👏 scheme 👏 in 👏 history
They’ve also been colluding with other banks to make bad bets together. This is called racketeering
We have been quantitative easing for the passed 13 years and all it did was put the cdo crash on pause. The moment they attempted slow QE, the market nearly exploded. Now, we’re looking at the correction that should have always happened because banks are colluding with hedgefunds to set a standard that QE is no longer affective. In theory, this is now the continuation of the correction we never let happen.
And this goes back to my thesis. My lifelong agreement of one thing that holds true in the market: It *always* corrects itself.
I’m not sure what correction will look like and I’m not sure how the process is going to look, but it will attempt to set itself back to an equilibrium.
You can think of it like this. The banks and hedgefunds thought they had full reign and full rule over the market... the problem is that they were right. The market was 100% fixed. Banks loaned out to hedgefunds to do their bidding and the hedgefunds would pay off politicians to look the other way. Well, now, through several stocks that apes have been buying, they are now forced to begin to find the actual shares. Based on formalities that they use, the people actually own the shares. But bad news, in doing this, the people have decided their floor is a ridiculous number. But wait, there more. This was actually a trap set up by much larger entities that are fucking tired of getting fucked by banks and knows where the big boys are keeping their dirty laundry. In doing this, the people could accidentally drain the entire amount of money the banks have in reserve. This would cause all the debt that banks have been hiding and letting pile up force them to begin liquidating hedgefunds holdings and securities. Eventually, everyone is overleveraged and the dollar becomes much much much more powerful as everyone is attempting to buy back these lost securities. Not to mention, as these securities flood the market, they also lose value and can no longer be used as leverage to hold equity for these banks. And then the cycle continues.
Monkey talk
Explanation for what’s currently happening
Many many countries are about to be blasted back to the dark ages.
I’ve had 3 people tell me after the squeeze that I should get into politics and run for a local office. @Prismatic I wouldn’t know a single thing about politics. These are people that don’t have any relation to one another. Tell me they are wrong and that I would be an awful politician.
I don’t want to be responsible for a multitude of people, but I do feel as if if I don’t do it, then someone incompetent will get the job. I just want to prosecute people that have higher levels of responsibility.
I’d love to terrify rich people, because I don’t want money and I know I’d be able to refuse their advances.
The person who is the most interested in politics I know just recommended it to me. I will think heavily on this conundrum.
The worst timeline
I’d force prisons to pay their workers weekly dividends and increase their salaries to an absurd requirement and force them to pay for labor to the point where it makes no sense to have the prison(for profit)
I will bankrupt them from the inside out
Yes yes, I know. I just hate the incentive to keep the supply of prisons to a blatantly overstimulated level.
I’m not sure how to fix it besides make it meaninglessly expensive for upkeep.
People in prison should deserve to be there.
(Hodl)
Incentive. Incentive. Incentive. The easiest thing is to cut the ties of incentive from action.
But then the hardest thing is to bring action to end incentive.
I suppose it is a matter of justice and how to quantify it.
What is worth losing five years of your life?
Tax evasion? Holding 2 grams of weed in Nebraska?
Would a stricter sentence actually deter drunk driving, say?
Involuntary vehicular manslaughter could fetch you only 8 years.
There must be a better alternative for non-violent offenders. You don’t learn anything from prison. You don’t gain any life skills in pursuance to actually reforming your life.
I can hear the figurative countdown
Money printer not going brrrrr right now
World on fire yet?
My store got a call from lp saying that they were expecting protests
Not sure for what exactly
That was clever and I respect it
More internet meta drama. Turns out people on 4chan are getting censored and ban for bringing up gme on the /biz/ and /gme/ threads.... which I’m not sure how it works.
Guy that got banned came on Reddit and informed them that 4chan is somewhat compromised.
So I made this
Guy that came on the Reddit sub openly admitted to hating Reddit and the users, but didn’t know where to turn with additional proof of fuckery.
Shits getting wacky fellers
I told you shit would get wacky and shits starting to get wacky
You hold until you feel uncomfortable
For those that want to learn about otc brokerage to brokerage float/hs trading. The float is both delinquent and fabricated as I’ve said prior.
44% up yoy for revenue
Amazon...
Us treasury offering 30 billion in zero notes
This needs an explanation
The apes have been noticing unusually high activity every weekend from an industry that’s been known to take the weekend off. They do this through Google and the connections on peoples phones and traffic notices.
So, one guy took his drone and video’d Citadel’s hq where the lights were on in their financing department.
Now it’s been every weekend that everyone has been taking pictures of buildings in banking hq’s and various residencies of banks or large financial corps.
(This meme is brought to you by 100% conspiracy and no logical facts to back up the idea that both of these nations seized market power and collateralized financial prosperity from the fallout of WW1)
(Then has snowballed into near to full control of the company Cede and Co. who is the representing majority ownership of the Federal Reserve)
Large banks (120 filings in total) are filing sec 424b2’s
In all, this means that the sands are shifting bigly
These filings are relatively common, but through the year of 2020, it was underwritten about the amount of times that it’s been done today.
I feel like this is a steamed hams version of banking.
Sec-nscc-801 has no objections and will take affect immediately. Securities now require a 20x leverage oh to cover shorting and/or shorted positions
Update: Random intervals and symbols in volumes are changing.
The last time this occurred was in 2008 when Lehman began fucking with the repo market and multiple accounts couldn’t swap and many volumes went negative(from closing).
The algs are dying and the system is failing.
What this means: Repo market can’t find collateral for swaps. 
You fuck nuggets better get ready.
Cash on hand
This is not completely normal market behavior
This is not financial advice.
This is close to your last warning. Pay off your loans if you have them.
Half life 3 is not a myth
Gme is shorted by a market maker. That market maker to cover positions will need sell off securities, which devalues the securities(millions and millions of dollars worth of securities). This causes panic selling. Panic selling will devalue the more securities, causing banks and securities loaners to become overleveraged. This will cause margin calls and more securities will be sold to cover costs. This will devalue and deflate securities further. Cause more margin calls. @P47Healey
And then we’re stuck in that cycle until large entities and market makers aren’t overleveraged on their spreads.
It gets much more complicated with t+30 for margin calls and prominent buyers, but essential, the moment a market maker goes down, it turns into a blood bath. Citadel is responsible for ~43% of all brokerage transfers electronically. They make their money by setting up puts and calls all throughout the market(not underwriting them. Just having them electronically available from the people that do set the contracts.) Citadel makes their money by also have a large hand in institutional ownership in *many* different stocks. They not only get money as ootm puts and calls expire as they are responsible for the premiums on these contracts, but they also get real time analytics from every stock on the indexes.
For example, they own a 75 million dollar stake in Tesla. When they are margin called, this will need to be liquidated and the shares will be available on the open market, which depreciates the value of the shares. Long positions will get frantic and sell as they see a 107,000 share sell order push through. Puts will be exercised and that would create another flourish of sells. This will happen all over the market pretty much at the exact same time for probably 100’s of stocks. Or however many stocks that citadel owns and its subsidiaries.
The death of a market maker hasn’t happened before. We don’t... really know what’s gonna happen.
Especially one that controls essentially 80% of the derivative market.
Not to mention, the Sec and dtc have had 4 months to defuse the bomb and they haven’t... now there are big international players involved. This can’t be stopped anymore or it never could based on who’s fucking with the collateral market. It appears the last time they tried to fuck with gme, the repo market went negative interest. That is the opposite of what they want. So... they gonna need to let this play out the old fashioned way.
Also, banks have been padding their books with Commercial Lease Bonds and they are big fuk’d.
Now the government is trying to eat these Cmbs’s but they’re fucking worthless now because they’ve been dup’ing profitable leasings from closed locations.
**All hail the great reset**
To give you a perspective on how bad these cmbs are. They believe there’s a marginal error in recording from 10-40% of falsified profitability.
This is how I know what the next crash will be like, but from a normie perspective, the word Rehypothication will be as famous as CDO’s.
Largest bofa movement for sale since 08
About three weeks ago, gme was going *down* on green candles. This means buying pressure applied had the opposite affects of demand.
And I present the inverse
Of today
“What is even happening?”
-1 million on wed
-2 million volume after close on Friday
Someone’s trades are being reversed
Somebody got Mmmmmmmargin called
:laughingnebby2:
I’m bout to change your fucking lives.
Well, prism’s life. Tdts hedgefund is not far out of the realm of possibilities. As a matter of fact, it becoming more and more of a reality by the day as the apes keep purchasing rehypothecated shares.
I’m so fucking hyped.
Ha! Now you know how it feels!
You don’t know what covered call is, but when you talk about computers, it’s the exact same thing.
So, okay, let me explain. There is shorting. Shorting is borrowing a share from a person for a premium and interest for as long as the position is open. Okay, so,  we take the price of the share and sell it immediately. This adds to the float. The float is the available shares that are currently in circulation. Borrowing shares to short a stock makes the selling pressure go up. More sells than buys means there is less demand, thus the price will go down. This will lead to the shorter(borrower) making money because the price was speculated to go down and now that there is selling pressure the price will go down. The borrower makes money by closing his position below his sell price and making the difference. Now, this is fine because some shares are overvalued and need to be depreciated. The problem arises when there is naked shorting. Naked shorting occurs when the borrower simply *knows* where the shares are and will short the stock(adding supply to the float), thusly self perpetuating a profit by dropping the price from nothing. What shorting does is put a short interest on the float. If the market cap for a company is 10% shorted. The short interest(dependent on open positions) will be around 10% percent. The market cap becomes under what is known as a short shadow. The 1 billion market cap is now 900 million dollars. It means that 100 million dollars from the market cap is “meaningless”. What happens when a market cap is 100% meaningless? Well, this means that there are over 100% of the remaining float being shorted. This is currently gme.
To close these short positions, they must buy the shares from those that have it. Us.
At one point, gme was openly shorted 100%. Even if the short interest is 100.0000000006% shorted, it means that the share price can be limitless. Any number beyond zero(or for this speculation, any number beyond the current exchange rate).
Oh, I believe the real estate demand isn’t correlated.
This isn’t 08
But the commercial real estate defaults are a problem
Every other business up in San Jose are gone
There is probably about 30-40% businesses here that are just, poof, gone
High 20 for certain
That why a devaluation period is definitely going to happen here
Cant say that the entire country will
But there’s the problem
This is a domino effect. If any portion of the country deflates, this could affect leverages massively. Anywhere at any time could send a margin call to these bank’s borrowers. And since the banks have been *very* liberal in their borrowing, the exchange would be the first place they would pull liquid funds to fill the collateral. This would devalue the shares that others are using as leverage and they would begin margin calling borrowers. It would be glorious. Interest rates would skyrocket and businesses can’t obtain their loans for their overinflated storefronts, where they would close.
And the cycle would continue
If we do strike it paydirt and I ever need to go to a fancy banquet, it’ll be me and a macho man randy savage impersonator as my plus one.
Maybe not even a particularly good one. Just one that does the impersonation well enough that you know the reference.
Crypto index barcoding this morning
If this is true, citadel bypassing obligations to retain risk for collateral. They’ve literally became a cancer on the exchange. Every place that retail has touched would be displaced as the market attempts to purchase these shares and immediately dump them. Especially, if all of these shorts would be exposed to a losing positions. Even worse scenario is that these positions have been packaged and purchased by unsuspecting institutions. This would mean that they would need to wait for paperwork to be pushed through before attempting to dump these positions. (Which could be the point where we are at currently. All these banks up night scrubbing through anything that citadel has touched to make sure they aren’t exposed to obligated short positions.)
That is why they *needed* to take away the buy button from citadel. Everything began to tank and they couldn’t understand why. It’s because the more retail purchased, the more shorts were being fabricated and exposed to wherever they went. The buy button became a short button that would fabricate a short at the existing price and continue to grow and lose.
Market singularity, baby
Truly a perfect storm of making people that are much more deserving to become unfathomably rich.
Market running deep red
Here’s what they do. They save up all their borrows. They kill the price by using those borrowed shares to short it and in a couple days they close their positions, but in the meantime, we continue to buy up the shares at a lower rate. This is why the price stays stagnant. This is why they tank it every so often. The problem is that if they want to keep this new floor, they must keep those positions open, increasing the interest they continue to pay. Thus, lowering their ceiling for insolvency
Eventually, the floor and ceiling will cross
It’s something that could be months from now or even happening currently as I type this. This is one thing that apes will never know. The solvency levels for those that are dug into the hole.
But there are indicators. Such as we are currently seeing with the liquidity levels with the overall markets.
One hell of a textbook Elliot wave
We’re living in such interesting times.
o7
Good game everyone
Inflation rates also at 4.2% of something like that.
And between these two days of nearly -4% over the course of two days. Europeans reporting that Wall Street brokerages and hedgefunds margin called for nearly 400 billion dollars.
Commercial* Lumber prices also up 500-600% for seemingly no reason. Not to mention mass breakdown of gas delivery throughout the south east.
Shiiiiiiiiiiits getting wacky.
Canada is also shorting the usd
They are issuing canadian bonds through usd-leveraged collateral and swapping it for canada bucks when the yield date is due.
It isn't rehypothication. It's just that it pays you out in cad but is backed by the usd.
As you know, a bond is a debt backed asset. So, what does a bond squeeze look like? Well, a bond, especially a government backed security has a yield rate. The more expensive the bond becomes to trade, purchase, acquire, the more this yield rate is null. But a lot of these government debt backed securities come with a liability holding which means a lot of investors use it to balance their own liabilities, aka, they’re leverage rate. But once it becomes apparent that there are more bonds in circulation than currently exist, a lot of the backing for these bonds evaporate. Some people that are saying they are holding bonds aren’t actually holding them. This is a result of our good friends, rehypothecation. A rehypothecated bond would occur if a large market maker needs quick cash, they will simply say the repo market that they have the bond, but it’s not used as collateral for the money. The money is distributed on word alone. A default on the bond would mean that on the books there is now one plus bond that no longer exists. Alright, what does that have to do with yield rates? Well, when a bond is necessary to hold leverage and people want it desperately, no one wants to be holding less bonds than they actually say they own when the music stops. So, they must acquire the bond. Increasing demand for it. Increasing its retention value and deepening the yield rate until it becomes zero or less than zero. Bonds are not meant to be used as a traded asset for profitability or at least not to institutions considering their interests rates(the faith they have in payment for a loan) is based directly on the yield rate of the bond.
Market cap for crypto lost around 150b last 2 days
Le gasp
You don’t need to report crypto on you f13 to finra or sec. banks/hf’s/institutions/their mamas have been using the leverage for a while now because you can’t place a distinct collateral rate on something that keeps inflating and isn’t regulated
This sounds familiar
Someone is also shorting(not illegally) ICE/ICC recently extremely heavily.
Probably upwards to .8-1.2b in short interest
Deep pockets making moves.
Just sell Baltimore to Delaware and call it a day.
Tinfoil hat time. The wood hyper-inflation is synthetic and endorsed by the big seven to make sure the price of newly built homes create an equity anchor for the currently overinflated housing market.
200,000,000
Reverse repos
Wait
I’m sorry
I missed three zeroes
200,000,000,000
For reverse repos today
Straight of the federal repo market reports
Billion. 200 billion is how much cash people needed today. To put this in perspective, mid March, reverse repo was tipping
Eh fuck it
I’ll just show
It’s not worth screaming from the balconies anymore
But needless to say, this isn’t normal and it’s *a lot* of money people someone is needing for collateral
Us debt is now at 28 trillion
For those wondering
MSM really did a full heel spin in their light of Israel. Went from 
This would make sense.
I don’t trust any of the fucking news outlets and I don’t know many people my age that do. If cnn and Fox News both said the sky was blue and everything was alright, I’d be worried a meteorite was incoming soon. It’s just fucking blatantly obvious how abrupt the limelight appeared and the connotation was being read aloud. Seems like a distraction if anything, but this is Tin hat Poe coming out.
And that leads me to this:
Might wanna have a looksie
We had whole city blocks look like warzones this last year because of a fake 20 dollar bill.
Small dominoes
It’s going down. I’m yelling timber.
The media and the powers to be are really trying to pull straws on this one
They don’t know what to say.
Last go arounds it was easy to write off
This one... not so much
But don’t worry, like every crash, people that play with your money and exploit you for labor are the ones that fucked the pooch
Again
This is pretty much last call before the big show
Take your bets on hyper inflation or deflation
Either have big cash on hand or pay off all your high interest/adjustable rates debt
Boys, it’s basically official. We are in a catch 22 liquidity trap
These all seem pretty balls to the walls retarded
This is why I can’t visit Quebec.
I ain’t about to get arrested because Juan wants to slap me for not pronouncing a word with 25 characters and four s’s correctly.
No. Being French speaking nation is fine. Like, alright, cool, but if people are learning English faster because the surrounding area speaks English and it’s convenient, but you ain’t gonna change necessity.
Speak French, but to strictly enforce it will blatantly interrupt commerce and business.
Did you know we have different laws in Louisiana because of your drunk ass ancestor and his weird legalese.
You’ve brought to my attention of language police and I’m disappointed in my existence. I hate you for this Jupe and will never forgive you.
Wile e coyote ain’t got nothing on mossad
Oh, I never thought of it like this either, but with a 3.2% inflation rate we are currently sitting at, all of our bonds are effectively worthless
Our highest yield rate on a 30 year is 2.4%
Womp womp
The market has been propped up on old money that wants to will the market to stay in the 20th century. They have been attempting to retain and hide interest rates/inflation in the top 2%. Debt is being used as functional profit. Everyone involved in the market(being all of us) are about to get fucked by people that are self destructive/irresponsible/narcissistic/exploitive. And that competitive incentive is at an all time low despite there being a *need* for it beyond any time than any other.
The small handful of people that control the livelihoods of millions, if not billions of people are wrong and no idea what the fuck they are doing.
🤡
Welp, we have reached cruising altitudes.
“This is your captain speaking, but things are fucked and we can’t figure it out. After this message, I will be parachuting out of the cockpit. Thank you, for flying Cayman Islands Air.”
This could be the last legitimate time we see the Dow this close to six figures.
For a while at least
Prediction: Based on the very similar trajectory of a base Elliot wave. Bitcoin will rest back down to around 16-18k.
Almost all crypto should follow it as they’ve all seemed tied to one another
The hot takes that msm has been pushing is literally a wsb motto: Buy the Dips.
*facepalm* If you see big money telling you to buy the dips, they will halt their sale, let you buy, and sell off
This is not financial advice
But the market is fucked
And me personally? I’d rather have cash on hand to buy the real dips
IBM gives 2.1% dividends yearly btw
Plus their growth
It’s a pretty good representation of the market
Stagnant, imminently catastrophic, can’t really do much besides what it’s currently doing.
For those that can’t decipher: Es no bueno
Anyone else seen examples of inflation yet?
Owe*
So, here we are
All seems to be leading up to the next two weeks. Probably the most important two weeks in financial history.
Could be three. Could be nine. It all depends on how much they are willing to devalue the dollar before everyone is grabbing a torch and a pitchfork.
Jpow, dtcc, icc, and occ and all the banks are in a corner. No one wants to be left holding the bag. They want the feds to pick up the tab, but this is too much money for even the us government to even cover considering we are already actively QE’ing to the tits.
Who knows what’s gonna happen when the music stops.
My thought has always been that we never healed from 08. We simply put it on pause. And now we’ve just been adding to it.
Considering China owns like 5-10% of our bonds as backing for their operations, I’ll put my money on 1. I believe jpow is gonna have to make the printer stop going brrrrrr and fuck over the commerce of the world. If they so much as attempt to abolish us as the global fiat, any bank that survives this is gonna be overleveraged anyhow and it going to be domestic debt that saves them. Allowing for these non-us banks to not limit debit exchanges or even avoid an old fashioned run on banks.
Dollar’s supply worldwide plummets. Demand increases. The place where it will be will be in the hands of Americans. There’s really no other option.
S&p no healthy
Short eu. Long on India.
I wonder if the last raven has finally left London tower
It would be appropriate
@jupitermonkey4 Largest bank in Greece is getting liquidated... again.
Or rather, their shares fell 50+% on Friday for no reason
“No reason”
Banks are fukt
That’s why I laugh at thinking the global powers want to cull the population. Nope. That’s not how the principles of the Keynesian banking theory works. Population growth expands the reliability and dependency on commerce and ultimately currency. But, Millennials fucked that all up by not taking out loans besides student loans and not having kids.
And typically a net neutral?
2 parents, 2 kids
We also have Mexicans
Luckily, Mexicans are really good about emigration and I’ve met a lot that dispel their heritage and know they are American in identity now. A lot of them despise their home
A bit
It’s mismanaged
Not Brazil mismanaged
Not the Canadians
Oh god
I think the immigration process should be... not easier, but be held as a higher priority to regulate wether a person is fit gain residency status. It’s a very bureaucratic process that leave most with more knowledge than some us citizens receive.
I think there should also be, not mandatory, but maybe a form of ubi that allows to take political classes to educate the people on who they are voting for. Because the only people that care about politics are usually involved in politics and that kinda makes it an exclusive game.
I don’t want to worry about politics unless I’m paid to worry about it
That would be very interesting. I’ve also heard a way to ease the quantitive easing— and this is a horrible idea, but somewhat of a solution— is to issue a zero interest loan or in other words for people to hold their own bond. Then in 15 or so years, have them pay it back. This wouldn’t held with inflation, but it would ease it.
Lot of implications to a lot of my ideas that could go dramatically wrong.
It’s like the opposite of Patrick. I will suggest it, but I’m really whispering don’t listen to me.
No, and I’d like to remember it now but I don’t
*the search begins*
:6clapWillow:
I do like this
Can I really quickly say that for the passed 10 years, the entire financial sector was a big coop/market commune and overnight it became the thunder dome. I fucking love it. Everyone and their dogs about to sell their grandmas to gain more leverage.
That’s what I was going to write earlier but didn’t
I saved it
I suggest good/bad things at near random intervals because I could be slightly entertained
45% aye, at least
Brilliant man. Could sell an igloo to another igloo.
He’s 16
Oh, he’s a zoomer
He definitely knows what a futa is
Hundo
Most politicians on the financial committee hardly realize that *quadrillions* of dollars worth of exchanges can be processed by algorithms a year. They still think there are bookies and shit running tickets.
This... payment for order flow... it must be the culprit.
You mean not the millions upon millions of assets and securities that don’t actually exist but rather are locked in a dance with 2 networks of computers that continue to rehypothicate collateral that banks thought they owned but in reality they’ve been borrowed so much that no one actually knows what the fuck is going on? Those? Teach them about blockchain and it’ll blow their fucking mind. Dinosaurs.
Anyone under the age of 60, out of the fucking pool. Times up, you’re insignificant and obsolete now.
Update: Crypto liquidation up to an conservative estimate of 1trillion dollars
That’s a lot of fake coins
Wait
I had speculation that they would let her rip on a Friday so that most financial institutions can pull before anyone can have a chance to react, but I think Monday would be a better day in all. It allows for them to estimate just how much they need and the big players can pull the rug at those levels of analysis. They can prepare all weekend, get into premarket and wreak havoc. Don’t know. 08 was a Monday, but dumping on a Friday would close markets.
~10,000 hedgefunds enter, ~4% exit.
I’ll make a wager for 29k by today’s end
(Making a wager on a end date strike price is literally the derivatives market. 100% gambling)
Yes
That’s the thing that sells is confirmation bias and buzz words
Perfectly normal and organic price action
Oh my fucking god. I finally met someone who was going to school for finance. He was aware of gme, but I told him about the bond yield rates going underwater. Holy shit, this guy understood the implications of what I was saying and he was speechless. He hasn’t seen the data points I’ve seen, but he is immediately going to go home and look at freddies paperwork and reports.
Federal reserve’s
“Poe, what’s happening?”
Only when you understand this chart shall you know the real reason
Nerd Mecca
Is technical analysis nerdy?
Yes. I’m not sure why I asked that. Maybe it’s because it makes you a fuck ton of money
We open a skyscraper that’s devoted in the bottom floors to teaching market TA and the top floor is the penthouse nightclub.
Also, while I’m at it
Reverse repo rate is up to 422billion for yesterday
~360 billion last Friday
500 billion is cap rate for normal repos. There’s a 70 billion dollar limit *per institution* for rrpo’s
From my normie econ subreddit
Fed be like: Guys, trust us, we looked into it, but we ain’t got shit.
225 premarket. I’m scared they’re gonna put-bomb it again. Thing is though, as the price goes higher, the puts become less meaningful and their price decreases. They are using a lot of these puts(susq has slightly over a billion dollars in puts) as collateral against a margin call. If they use these contracts to obliterate the price, they would become that much closer to being overleveraged.
Either way, I’m jacked to the tits and I ain’t giving a single fuck until this price looks like a phone number.
Hour and a half to go. At the rate premarket is going, we might see +50. Leaving us at an open of ~260.
Either way, I’m posting another song for the occasion
If you guys would like to know. It’s an ftd cycle. Ftd’s are, in fact, beyond illegal and the electronic systems they use don’t very well allow for it. It drops their marginal spending and what is essentially allowance down the shitter. They are already overleveraged to the tits. So, to negate these ftd’s they have a few options: Hide them in contracts known as puts and calls(can’t do that anymore. Cco-005 disallows for this), they can also begin exchanging back and forth between dark pools with other members but that only lasts so long as there are other members that haven’t been margin called, or just go into the market and purchase them against themselves. Either way, the floor for margin call is getting lower and the ceiling for where the price sits stagnant and stable goes up.
This happens every 35 calendar days(because Citadel is a Bonafide Market Maker) or every 21 trading days because most other firms have a calculated requirement as such.
Oh, and someone pledged to shove a banana up his ass because we ended above 200 and someone else gonna eat it.
These are the people who are going to force one or several of the big seven to file chapter 7
Also, GameStop just confirmed that they are going to be farming a nft based crypto currency for digital game sales/returns. This is also means that each digital game will have a distinct signature based on who’s owned it. Do you want to own the copy of Death Stranding that Kojima played on? Well, it’s about to be possible. Want to play Smash on the first edition rollouts or even one that Sakurai has play tested on? It’s going to be possible and those editions can go up for auction based on this factor.
It’s an Etherium based nft
This isn’t just shits and giggles money. This is big money for collectors. If people are willing to put up 10 grand to own a 15 second nba highlight clip, they about to pay hundreds of thousands to get shit like this.
Spearhead this news. MSM won’t be doing stories on this.
Nft.GameStop.com
Now here’s the quiet part out loud
If we don’t get a short squeeze soon.
Forcing either the shorts to cover or force the shorted folks to go to the company and ask what they want for the crypto.
Either way, all share holders will have this crypto or/and have their share price skyrocket
July 14 is also bastille day
The day that the French overthrew their hierarchy and declared themselves independent of the monarch
I’ll drink an entire liter of olive oil if it happens
240. I’m gonna coom
450 billion for reverse repos today
*cue growing dramatic music*
.2% of gme is held by Koreans as cited by Bloomberg, but Korean brokerages are reporting that they are carrying 707,404 shares. This brokerage is publicly viewed based on their laws. Bloomberg has quoted that Korea is .2% ownership of gme. Now, if they truly do own .2% with this many shares, the true outstanding shares would need to be around 3.6 billion outstanding. But... that can’t be right. There can’t be 3.6 billion shares of gme. There’s only 72 million.
Rehypothecation. They are market makers. They have privilege to claim they know where shares are in order to borrow. They have been doing this with treasury bonds as well. Prime brokers need treasury bonds to hold against their bad bets and their borrower’s bad bets. Now, almost all stocks have probably around 10-20(could be upwards to 50%) rehypothecated shares that will need to be bought to cover shorted positions. This will also tank the market, if true. As big institutions begin margin calling people that took out bad risk liabilities, we learn that every stocks float has 20-50% more shares than actually exist. Causing every share to be worthless. If done in mass, this could bankrupt companies. If their share price falls below a certain threshold that’s held against the company’s own earnings, they need to buy back shares that are now falling into the worthlessness. This is called a liquidity crisis.
Now the treasury bonds. A treasury has a set yield rate. The more treasuries, the higher the yield rate as demand for them goes down. Supply increases, demand goes down, yield rate increases. But what happens when market makers have been using treasuries on the repo market to get a few bucks using this technique? Well, they default on their 24 hour loan and a fake treasury bond is born. One that is now in the hands of someone who went to get a reverse repo for a treasury and defaulted on their obligation. This is perfectly normal. Until they learn that the bond they hand is rehypothecated and worthless. This means that demand for bonds go through the roof as these prime brokers scramble to find more bonds to hold against their borrower’s bad debt. Demand shoots up, supply lowers, and yield rates lower. Since banks don’t care about yield rates and only care that tb’s hold a 5:1 collateral rate, they’ll continue to buy them.
Sinking the usd.
Yield rates can go negative, yes. How negative? Well find out soon.
@jupitermonkey4
So, yeah, everything’s fake
Until it isn’t
What do to repair this damage?
Turn off the money and we bankrupt the world
Keep money printer on and we bankrupt ourselves
A casino is more regulated than our financial sector and financial sectors of the globe are learning we don’t just have a clown show, we got the full circus. Now they’re nervous about our next move. Obviously, they want us to defuse the bomb. It’s too late for that. They would need to dismantle the entire exchange before that happens. Everything too intertwined with itself. Next step is devaluing the dollar, but all these businesses work year over year and their analytics adjust to inflation. If inflations going wild, business no matter how large in our industrial sector can’t make money and will begin lay offs shortly after missed targets. The next step would be a deflationary period... but but but “that would bankrupt us” screamed the world. Yes. Yes it would. Sorry.
It takes Finra 8 years to complete a report and execute a fine. Finra is also self obligatory in their regulations. 3rd party through federal oversight. You literally have no reason to file to Finra correctly or accurately.
They also don’t distinguish between short positions and long positions sold short.
True. Biggest problem is that the market will correct itself if it isn’t regulated. A casino won’t spontaneously combust if they take a few extra dollars out of some smuck’s pocket. I guess it goes about that far, but if there’s no regulations, then it’s obviously more regulated than something with redundant regulations.
Also, did you know that the federal reserve could stiff arm the prime brokers and banks. But why would the dtcc shit on themselves? Federal reserve has one board membership. Cede and co. Cede and co is owned by the dtc.
It’s the circle of life 🎶
This is also why I ain’t worried about a damn thing.
I got money to burn and I’m up 22 grand
Not to mention, if GameStop really does become a funnel syphon for a ludicrous amount of equity that would need to eventually be printed hot off the press, this would also be a deflationary action. Win win, tbh
They are setting up a false squeeze narrative for amc, I feel
“Squeeze has been squozen. Look at that 25% increase. Woowee, you really got us. Ook ook. K go home.”
Or we could be seeing a real squeeze being delivered. Who knows. We holding until we dead, anyway.
Oh, and Finra, the data gathering agency that the government relies on for fines has an investing portfolio that is registered through the same people they are to condone fines towards. The system is fucked. Let gme go to a trillion. Every person with a modicum of wealth through the exchange can have it bled back to people that had faith in the shares. Start from scratch. Let the free market decide what companies survive and which companies will have so much debt they will default.
Btw, that’s what a deflationary period would do right now. Since almost all prime brokerages have allowed for rehyptothecation to a degree that has been unmatched, this is what will happen. Mind you, this will be probably upwards to a hundred trillion in damages. Let’s say the exchange is currently 10% false(conservative number). That would mean that most things being used as collateral against borrowing will then have a rate of 10%. Assets need to be sold. This will deflate the share price. Those shares will become 10% meaningless and the collateral will once again be over-leveraged by another 10%.
This will continue indefinitely until rolling defaults.
If the exchange is even so much as 1% meaningless, this is what will occur until liquidity matches debt.
Depending on the number, it’ll just happen slower
Oh, and reverse repo up to 485 billion today total
Ding ding
*New record*
It’s currently going up at rate that if continued, it’ll hit 40 trillion dollars in a month
Rrp explained somewhat well
And it is certainly one of the strangest phenomena in recent financial history
300 today? Maybe? I don’t know.
This is the guy from the movie the big squeeze, who played in the big short and broke the fourth wall to get an acting gig in real life to explain what’s currently happening in character that he played to explain as the big short had done. It’s feels as though we’ve broke the fourth wall and cycled back.
The simulation is breaking down.
Canada is apologizing constantly, but not because they’re polite, but because of their existence.
What a wild time
The seventies
Update
We now have a central planned financial system. Basically one of the newest laws implemented now places treasury bonds on either the frdr sheets, institutional sheets, or bank sheets. Their balance sheets have all merged. This is why reverse repo has skyrocketed over the course of the previous 2 weeks. We now have no privatized collateral bond market. It is completely controlled by a linear trust of buyers, sellers, and borrowers. The fed puts up a tbond to borrow using a reverse repo. Banks places it on its balance sheet as collateral obligation, while also keeping it on the federal reserve as a liability. Taking away the liability to the buyers in the open bond market, but also keeping it on the sheets of the bank as collateral. Basically, they are rehypothecating treasuries at what seems to be an unstable rate. This also means once the jig is up, the entire system fails at once instead of actually being able to slow or halt the mechanics of the market. When it seizes, it will seize in a singular gasp.
TLDR; federal reserve has basically thrown in the white flag for stability and has gone full retard. The entire market is now being used as collateral.
The fed just yolo’d the entire market on the bet that the market will be better than worse off in the future.
This will be how we explain how this crash happened in textbooks. Obviously without the meme lingo
EToro(Uk) was Informed via GameStop, themselves that their investors are 1.6% of all GME shareholders. Using this percentage, you can calculate that there are 89m shareholders total(minus the non-votes). That is impossible. There are only 73million shares in existence. If we take the average shareholder(from sources such as Hong Kong’s brokerages and Fidelity averages and others), which is around 14 shares per holder, you get 1.29billion shares being held as long.
This shit is gonna fucking pop.
This isn’t even including institutional holdings
Today’s a good day
Remember how I said a market singularity? It’s 100% possible
Pour one out for whoever decides to short this
I love this
May I post this to Superstonk
255 in am. I wonder what magical stock anomaly will happen tomorrow. Will the price action magically lower when the obv is up and the macd is indicating upwards momentum, or will we finally break through that 260 wall?
Find out next time
On Gee Em Ee
It seems that the desperate amount of shorting has ceased
Today was an “average” day
People getting margin called today
:smugDance:
Prism, amc is 1 of three things currently.
It’s a test run for diamond hands to see how strong the restitution of our risk will outweigh our profit.
Either way, today wasn’t a real short squeeze. This comes after this massive upheaval.
After people are being liquidated because of their marginal spending
Wait until t+2-t+5 to see some real action
Also
Finra slaps Goldman with a 2,500 dollar fine for falsifying or neglecting up to 10% of total trade data
*slow clap*
Flat
A 2500 dollar fine for what is probably upwards to 3 million dollars in profitable margin
The amount of recourse for trading violations is laughable
Might as well go big or go home
Not to mention Finra moves at around a glacier’s pace to do anything
They are still investigating ‘08 in some regards
Flash crash from 290 to 270
That would have have been a gamma latter btw
Gamma squeeze is back on the menu boys
Hold on to your nuts
If these are the final days
It’s been an honor holding with you
(If not, it’ll continue to be an honor holding with you)
You guys are the only ones to know, but without prism’s... generous allowance, I am currently holding xxx shares with an average of 1xx. 30% of them will be held forever.
o7
The first thing I do will be a doctors visit
With my list of random ailments
Federal reserve:
Bank of America, J.P. Morgan, and Deutsche bank are all short GameStop. Say a prayer for these poor banks.
I’m *very* surprised that Wells Fargo did not join this train, but oh well.
Wells Fargo is a shit company and horrible retail bank
Honestly, I personally believe their stock is overvalued if it wasn’t for the fact that they are part of the big seven and basically invincible
I’m gonna put this simple.
Market makers in the nyse equate to liquidity. They are meant to balance the spread. If a stock stand illiquid and the spread begins to fan out between a bid and an ask ratio that too high, a market maker will swoop in and “attempt to balance” the stock. If there isn’t enough sellers, they will fabricate sellers. If there isn’t enough buyers, they will fabricate buyers.
They are given this privilege on what the sec begs to be necessity.
So, what happens when there is a conflict of interest where a market maker is not only incentivized to make money, but also balance the spread? You get naked shorting. This is dilution of shares. These are failures to deliver and these can last for, not joking, decades. These buys that don’t get filled only to be shorted later and “sold long”, can be on the books for years. This doesn’t even include the fuckery with TA poaching for etfs. This is where the systemic risk of the entire market is put into place. I’ve talked about a short shadow.
A short shadow is where something is shorted 10%, 10% of the market cap becomes meaningless.
What happens if there’s a hidden short shadow? Well, it’s unregistered shorting that has diluted the shares, but are able to either hide their ftd’s or simply change the short position to a long position using calls or other etf tricks. These tricks are common.
What’s happens if the entire market is under a short shadow?
What happens if every stock on the nyse has hidden ftd’s?
Well, banks use securities as collateral. The federal reserve uses the nyse securities to manipulate *cough*... uh, control interest rates on the repo market.
We all know that CMBS are shot. All around the country, estimates show around 1/3 of businesses will never reopen.
These cmbs’s are worthless. The banks holding them as collateral know they are trash now. Where will they go to back their missing collateral. They’ve been using these to allow gratuitously high levels of borrow rates over the last five years. If no pays them back for these securities, they are fucked higher than giraffe pussy.
But they’re... securities are on loan... and they need them... That is why they will always be, from this moment forward, overleveraged. They need to margin call their loanees to get their securities back, but doing so will deflate their securities, but then they will need more securities to hold collateral, but then they need more of their securities back.
If the entire market is shadowed with diluted shares, papa Freddie don’t have enough money to bail out how big this is gonna be.
I might be insane, but I’m not wrong.
It’s a lotta mumbo jumbo for “If hedgefunds are fucked, banks are fucked, and if banks are all fucked, we can’t quantitative ease, because we’re still quantitative easing and if we continue, we’re going to be the next Zimbabwe.”
There isn’t just GameStop.
There will be about 8-12 different “meme” stocks that will shoot. This will get borrowers margin called, force liquidated, and will destroy their holdings— causing a drop in securities. This drop in securities will hurt anyone who’s trading on margin(ie. Most of Wall Street) and will overleverage those margin purchases, causing more margin calls.
GameStop is just the only meme stock, or momentum stock(considering every 1-2 months each of these stocks build a gamma ramp). GameStop is just the only one that has the potential to going to infinity.
Fuck finally
Someone’s putting some feet to the fire. If you print shares, you’re printing money.
Having Wes on there is a big deal for those that don’t understand. Just having him get a soapbox from a news outlet means there is something happening.
I don’t work... with the... windbreakers. Here’s a... phone. Use the only... app that’s on it. I’m just going to... leave it right here. On your couch. Whoops. Forgot it.
Always remember. The best and most discreet way to not have your cover blown is to blatantly state you’re not a narc while simultaneously accusing others of being a narc and inconspicuously leaving your personal property around so that criminals will use it.
Let’s get above 300 today
Fuck yeah
Only 19,999,700 until the floor
Anyhow, I’m sure the fbi gave them themselves a lot of congratulatory pats on the back and self-endorsing handjobs for this elaborate job, but there is a few plot holes. I’m sure if I’m a criminal and I caught wind of an app that only other shitty people knew about, but I’m going out on a limb and say that many people caught on and if it was very very successful, they wouldn’t have released press to say how awesome it worked.
“Selling” bitcoins
In “exchange”
For “Services”
Joking. Blockchain is traceable and there’s only a few shitcoins that are dark exchanged
And they’re worthless because they’re unreliable
But yeah, my skeptic in me always sees something groundbreaking coming from investigations and criminology and tech security, but then I think, if it was truly successful, I wouldn’t know shit about it.
Same in financial news when the same person on live television goes “it’s impossible, they can’t be doing that” and “no, the fines for such actions would be severe” are not mutually exclusive concepts.
297 in pm
310
330
If
If they are the same graph*
“Are you winning son?”
Prediction
It’ll bounce to 345 again and shoot down to probably 308 ish
Reverse repos(banks needing collateral(presumably some are overleveraged)  for 0% interest loans on t bonds)
Anyone wanna put money on which one will be force liquidated first?
1. bofa
Oof. Sorry, Hong Kong. Really taken a hit after the Archagos debacle. Kinda makes sense though.
I think... Blackrock is actually trying to liquidate the dtcc.
I saw an article that stated that if you’re selling a home in America, there’s like a 40% it’s Blackrock or it’s subsidiaries that are purchasing.
If there are truly short squeezes about to be set off all over the market while the exposed begin to sell off... Blackrock and these equity firms would be the only companies left net-long
If the dtcc is under infinite exposure, it would mean that this isn’t just the mother of all short squeezes. This is the beginning of the mother of all margin calls.
If every bank is under huge risk liability(beyond the point that the federal reserve can prevent interest rates from skyrocketing), the only result would be a mass sell off and the people left holding the bag are equity firms... but they would have a bag to hold onto. Everyone else would face against this massive leveraging and the only entities that would still have collateral would be the equity firms.
Bank of America
One of the largest financial institutions known as a subsidiary owned by Merrill Lynch. One of the largest producers of swaps and basically the harbinger of the  collateral markets.
The only reason why I would have any inkling that ML is going under is because they have a huge staple in the junk bond(triple b and under ratings) sales
And this should be the only dd you need
Turns out, my dad is also an ape. God help whatever frivolous future investments that man makes and Godspeed.
He also said that Cramer and (television)financial advisors are on your side. He’s so retarded, he’s doubled back into the black.
I’m legit scared of how this meltdown of a crash is going to look. Everyone around me just doesn’t care that life is going to get infinitely harder soon.
It’s very disappointing.
Reverse repo update: 583 billion dollars
59 participants
Oh... that isn’t too bad
Calling it now: Top of market is SPY@432.50. At that point, it will wave back down to at least 50% maybe less considering all collateral has gone to hell.
Not bad, but the market is determinately in for a correction based on Elliot waves
The only problem is that since we are at peak market at the exact same time that banks find themselves in the hole and needing the feds to make them treasury bonds from thin air, it’s presumable that they are without a doubt fucked
A market correction wouldn’t hurt hardly as bad if there weren’t 59 participants begging daddy Fred for treasury bonds because they are too far leveraged against 1. Their own bad bets 
I’m also getting a tattoo of gme’s price action after all of this is said and done
Let’s put a stupid number on it though
If gme gets above 500,000 I’ll get the price action from Jan 7-present on my wrist
And the beginning of the moass’s candle will be replaced by a giant green dildo
I hear that in desperate times, rats will begin feasting on one another
Also, update
Today was a good day
005 has been filed!
This is the tally shares rule that prevents ftd’s
Or hiding ftd’s rather and all borrowed shares must be accounted for henceforth
Uh, GameStop now has over 1.3 billion dollars in cash on hand and 0 debt. Both long term and short term
Literally never going bankrupt unless we become Zimbabwe
Top 10 retail banks barred from participation in EU’s bond buyback program
This is a weird turn of events and is a massive fuck you to almost every prime brokerages worth more than 200 billion dollars
Reverse repo down to 502 billion from 585 billion today
But less participants at 45 from 59
This could mean that some of these entities subsidiaries have either gained enough collateral to avoid margin call or they have been margin called. We just don’t know.
o7
3’s a fool’s errand:
To time the peak of a cycle
To find the lowest resistance of a cycle
And to time a crash
Also, there was a massive campaign to get everyone to email the dtc about 005 back in late… April-May. Asking them where the fuck it was. There was a massive influx of bots trying to push people to write to this regulatory body. So, the dtc has had it down for… “formatting issues”. No one knew what that really meant and people were starting to get afraid it was just a pony show to slap a couple wrists on wallstreet. Basically front and t pose on em and pussyfoot out of the threat. Lo and behold, however many months later, it’s been approved and passed. It’s a… not legislation, but governing document over the participants, coordinators, etc etc. big boys. Anyhow, this filing with the dtc new regulations came with 84 pages of comments.
Comments from people on the subreddit.
With emails and “usernames” in tandem with their small paragraphs.
Forever, these hundreds of usernames will be taught and open to scholars for the next eon
It’s such a ridiculous and preposterous thing when this very controlled dynamic of bureaucracy meets the inconsiderate, silly, and sublime of the internet.
Tits are jacked, but I’m sad and scared
From 585 high to 755 billion
Mind you, this is because of the liquidity crisis. Basically, banks have too much money as liabilities on their balance sheets. Feds are now paying them .05% to hold their treasury bonds for the day. This only will increase inflation, but also is an attempt to country it with more incentivized tbond trading.
Which means, now the banks have more cash than they had to begin with, which makes them vulnerable to inflation, increasing the inflationary period, and forcing them to increase their need for t bonds to hold against their own liabilities
If it hasn’t quite clicked yet, this seems unsustainable because it isn’t sustainable
Boris looks like he just made a mistake
Indefinitely
Boris looks like the type of guy that goes out to eat to new places to give them an unsatisfied Yelp review
High yield corporate bonds go neg for the first time… ever
These are junk bonds and usually the basis for trillions of dollars in etf’s/collateral based derivatives
*discouraged trombone noises*
Once again, if you haven’t been paying attention, this is gearing up to be one of the monstrous crashes in history of the world. I am literally giving you a golden parachute with this information. Pay off your debt. Use these once in a lifetime interest rates to probably set yourself up for the coming months. Be prepared. Buy canned goods. I don’t fucking care.
This is not financial advice
Fed is also claiming a classic 5% inflation rate, but if you compare commodity to usd rates per 2019, it could anywhere from 20-35%
Lumber went up 120-300% alone in certain areas
Once again, this is all happening because there is a collateral crisis and there’s ultimately no way to avoid it. No collateral that’s worth more than inflationary rates? Fed has to pay the costs which leads to more inflation.
Before I go to bed
The Japanese market is crashing right now
Remember, physical gold
It’s still and always won’t be a bad hedge
765 billion
Reverse repo
Trending graph
Time for crypto to liquidate for that sweet sweet treasury scramble
Reverse repo today: 791 billion. NEW RECORD.
Also, another worthless update
GameStop now has 1.7 billion dollars to its name in emergency/capital funding through atm offerings
Alright, retard people that don’t understand finances
Here’s verbal bukake to explain what is going on
So, Biden met with Yellen, Gary, and Powell a couple days ago
Says the economies doing fantastic
Now, you understand, I have a bear thesis that claims the economy is anywhere from fine and that we’re actually walking a knifes edge in the repo market that can be considered cataclysmic
What is a reverse repo?
It is the federal reserve offering a single day transaction for treasury notes in exchange for cash. Typically, this involves interest rates and the interests rates make the exchange a worse deal because it would mean the institutions that will receive the notes would be losing money.
But as of around may, reverse repos remained at a 0% interest, meaning, if they are exchanging their cash for treasury notes, no one is making money. As a matter of fact, the banks are losing money because of inflation rates.
But Poe, why would they require treasury notes so badly? Well, it’s because we are running into a liquidity crisis and a collateral crisis at the same time.
Institutions shouldn’t need the rrpo. It’s a bad exchange. Most short term treasuring notes are already negative yield, so, these notes must be 5 years+. Which means that they are yielding around a .8-1.5% yield. Doesn’t matter, because cash to banks are toxic. On their spreads, cash is a liability, because if you have cash in reserve for too long, it indicates that you will not be able to spend/lend/exchange/swap cash fast enough to outplay the dread word. INFLATION.
And that’s where this whole thing falls. Inflation rates. The growing rates of the rrpo indicate that these (30-70) institutions can’t find an investment better than treasury notes.
That inflationary rates seem to be indicated at a rate so bad that every other investment on the market is no longer outpacing inflation.
This is the liquidity crisis.
There are no longer any investment on the market that can sustain more monetary flow than the rrpo market. That is why they needed to increase the interest rate. But this is a reverse repo and interest on a rrpo is meant to take liquidity from the market. So, one weak ago they increase the interest to .05%. Which means for every dollar they give to get treasuries to balance their toxic, decreasing worth money, they get back 1.05 dollars.
Which means they need more collateral for their balance…
But in order to get treasuries because they are the only collateral on the market worth more than inflation… increases inflation… so they need to get more collateral
And so on and so forth
Until either treasuries go negative or money becomes worthless
You’ll know what happens when money becomes worthless. Hyperinflation.
That’s easy
But what happens when there’s nothing on the market worth more than inflation? Bonds become worthless. High yield shoot negative as everyone is scrambling for anything to hold their liability against. Prime brokerages begin liquidating their borrowers to get their securities back.
No can afford anything and creates a liquidity ceiling. No one can afford anything. No loaners want to let companies borrows. Lines of credit shut down. And then demand falls face first off a cliff because everyone’s either unemployed or too poor to afford anything.
Deflationary period.
So, flip a coin
“Reports find that most people that go outdoors say they are not inside. More at eleven.”
[feed me seymour]
Uh
🧐
Almost all federal incorporated mortgage backed securities fell 50% over the course of this week and then 6-14% today alone.
The 👏 exchange 👏 is 👏 in 👏 “strong 👏 condition”
The real whopper button
It’s true. I’ve said this multiple times now, but the trans community has a way with isolating themselves and positioning the community for gatekeeping.
Bingo.
Bongo
Not surprised. None the bit
“Sir, what is your take on sexuality?”
This is not an actual quote
I kinda miss his random bullshit that came out of his mouth
There’s a side of me
Far away that longs for the days of waiting for the next press release
Now we have…
One second
These numbers
Bitcoin
50 day rolling average and 200 day rolling average. When a 200 day rolling average yeets under a 50 dra, it is what is known as a death cross.
Since Bitcoin has yet to ever have a Death Cross, it’s hard to tell if this is a proper indicator because a DC is typically meant to represent highly liquid companies such as those on the s&p 500 or actual markets themselves such as the Dow
Thought police coming for Jupe’s rectum
Last I hear, the language enforcers were at his door last week and now this.
Reverse repo today. 👆 Tomorrow, because of EoQ, we should see it above a trillion.
Maybe not. Who knows. I’m not a genie.
@jupitermonkey4 you dead yet?
LSt time I was in 115+ heat
Was while we drove through a literal desert
And then resided in a city that was in the middle of the desert
I don’t know how to say it, but I’m pretty sure greenhouse effects are happening
I wonder how the hurricane season is going to be this year with all the wonky ass temps
These temp records being broken are almost as not-so-alarming as the federal reverse repo for today
991 billion dollars @ 90 participants for today.
NEW RECORD
I present
Goldman Sachs
At 1030 at night tonight
June 30
o7
BuT tHiS WaS CoMmOn BaCk iN tHe MeSoZoIc ErA
So, I get to do my own DD
I’m so proud of myself
Long story short, I was looking at my company’s corporate debt and their fisba/mooty’s rating
But instead, I stumbled across our PPP loan
My own company’s ppp isn’t too grand or outstanding. Only about 23k, but what really crossed my eye is who owns it.
The loan was administered and underwritten by a private institution called Glacier Bancorp
Now, this might sound familiar because Glacier Capita shorted GameStop recently and people joked that they are going to get nuked. Story came out that it went under, people did some rough digging and found it was a shell company.
So, I saw this and… was think “this has got to be a coincidence. Just two names of two separate company’s”. Nope. It ain’t. Glacier Capital is a subsidiary of Glacier Bancorp… and they distributed PpP loans to companies on the west coast.
Alright, how does this play into gme. Guess who did a merger with Glacier? That’s right, Citadel and Credit Suess.
Now I gotta do some scrubbing
Yeah, the clean up will be something. I still say desalination is much more important
We’re running out of freshwater. Or at least easily accessible and none utilized freshwater.
Okay… we’re not running out of water, but boy would it be nice to have a near infinite supply of it on demand
Desalination ——> Cheap efficient energy supply ——> updated infrastructure to facilitate ——> clean up
Sensationalism lives through us
It doesn’t hate that worrying and restoring order is profitable
I follow the money and there’s a lot of money in making sure people think they are contributing to a problem and the inevitable solution
So long as we don’t steer towards globalized socialism and unification
I’m good off dat dawg
Avoid consolidation of power. Warned the peon
I was talking with one of the geriatrics that works grocery as a “get old, die working” type. Anyhow, he tells me he’s approved to be a fiduciary and he has a couple clients. I’ve known this for a bit.
See, even people who are certified are retarded
These are also being abused at the moment.
These are the things Micheal Burry famously made up (in the mortgage sector) in order to short the Cdo’s that were ravaging the financial market. Anyhow, banks are now packaging CDS’s as collateral and shorting them to trim profits off the top.
We’re so fucked it’s laughable.
Can you short a short position? Yes.
How does it work if the market moves one way other than up? I don’t know. I’m already confused.
Nothing. To. See. Here. Folks.
Actually, this seems to be a market wide technical error in am
Over 25 different stocks counted in this eery processing anomaly
But, you can make a pretty decent bet in finances, there are no coincidence or errors on back shops like this when millions upon billions of dollars are up for  grabs… regards… wager
Talking about nft’s
GameStop’s nft based token launches on July 14th
I will be a token based on commercialized digital game returns
It will more than likely be used as a dividend
If so, it will probably soon to be the most demanded crypto currency in history
Not because it will be great
But because in order for short positions to cover their positions, they would need to purchase the token
At a 20%(without fuckery) short interest, that would still mean that well over 15 million tokens would need to be purchased and that’s just based on 0 rehypothecation. 0 married contracts to SI to hide ftd’s.
Guess who supplies the token? The company. There’s no other way to get the token without the company deciding how much it’s evaluated at.
So, when they give you these tokens for having held their shares for more than 3 months, prism, you might want to keep them. Depending on how many tokens they give per share or shares per token.
Not financial advice
I hope we all enjoy early retirement
So, just got off the phone with a guy
Says the oceans on fire
Dozens of boats trying to put it out
Ain’t going so hot.
Oh, pipeline broke underwater
And Mexico
Some prime brokers(aka special privileged securities traders that are usually represented by banks and leveraged through banks) have now been on record to say they are leveraged upwards to 1:100 ratio on crypto
For those that don’t speak retard
That means that they are buying crypto, using it as collateral for marginal spending and borrowing rates
At a 1:100 ratio
At times
This is probably the response from the big crypto liquidation we saw earlier
Now they are holding onto crypto at this ridiculous leverage because if they don’t, they would need to liquidate their securities borrows(ie, get their shit back because the collateral they were using went to dogshit) or start selling their crypto holdings at a ~100:1 loss
They are so utterly fucked it’s comical(if true)
Ah, so, what you’re trying to tell me is that GS is going under first
Thank you for the indirect reverse psychology bias, Yahoo
Probably need to consult the big brains on this one for international fallout, but I presume nothing would be the take. My white hot prediction will be that there's some shit that will happen downwind that we can't forsee from it.
Wyoming becomes first state to recognize DOA
I for one
Welcome our autonomous overlords
Welcome them with open arms
I trust them much more than our actual governments decisions
*whispers* guys, this is going to go tits up real quick. They're getting too powerful. What do we do?
Oh, Um
Ah, yes, the old, we will charge loanees more money because we’re having solvency issues and we don’t trust our payers to not default, thus, technically, we’ll be making more money argument.
Classic move
That’s… not true. Actually, on the contrary, it’s why companies will actually cut labor and stop hiring
You know it’s bad when they putting out pieces like this
I wonder what the *real* inflation rate is… 10%? 25%?
J. Powell went on record stating that inflation was at 5%. This is a federal cap because anything higher than that raises alarm bells. Then he went on to say that it was “transitory” and extremely temporary. Then he claimed that we actually don’t have an accurate way to calculate inflation.
*honk honk*
All three of these points were in the same interview.
I have the biggest “told you so” card in my back pocket right now.
My spirit animal is a Shiba Inu
Not a useful dog, but they are funny
Thank you
Also
Fuck you
Watch this
I don’t even give a shit about gme and amc at this point. The fact that these institutions are hiding shorted shares(exposure) through millions upon millions of puts via derivatives(etfs) should be extremely concerning
Alright, watching a video with the same guy that done some deep digging.
And here’s the best way I can explain it.
Oh. That one, yes
I posted it and realized
There was not even a source
Debt is cumulative
From the video above, every etf that holds amc and gme have a ridiculous high leverage of swaps on the etf. What this means is that the shorters that took the etf out to presumably short GameStop/amc made a credit swap in order to continue to dismantle the etf share and use it to short. Alright, it explains why there’s so many fucking swaps on these. These credit swaps are funded through major banks despite the etf being owned by institutions themselves, because the swaps can’t be owned by the provider. Anyhow, not too important besides being the tying factor, but what’s very interesting is that these etf funds, every single one has a connection to a separate etf that holds the swaps. *This* etf is funded directly by the Feds at around 29billion dollars. Presumably where the rrpo’s are going. The banks are funding the swaps, which are used to short the etfs that have GameStop/amc in it based on treasury balanced handed out through the reverse repo market.
This is a lot of words to describe that they are fucked.
In a roundabout way
This is just them shorting the treasury bonds again
Just much more complicated, harder to implement, and much more redundant in order just to keep gme/amc’s price suppressed
So, this is essentially the evidence to state what I was saying from the beginning. The feds are shorting treasury notes to make sure moass happens on their time and call
More etf nonsense!
Outright, an etf is a derivative that consists of several different aspects of the market and creates a “basket” of underlying securities. Now, these etf’s price do not actually follow the amount of money that the current underwriting carries. It does not average them out and the price is based on that. Nope. Completely speculative based. Well, turns out some of these derivatives are made of other etf’s. I’d like to call them wtf’s. These wtf’s can be added to a fund that will also be a basis for a separate etf. Where this stops… well, that’s anyone’s guess.
If this sounds unstable, insolvent, or otherwise systemic in nature, it is.
Because a lot of these funds that are funded by etf’s are have treasury bonds in them! Our good friend treasury bonds, except these can be now speculated with other shares or even other etf’s.
When a certain etf goes to dogshit and fails? That could be what was holding up that particular fund that was holding up other derivatives.
Goldman BallSachs reporting 13% loss over quarter 1. 
For Q1oQ2
Retail index shows an earnings of  .6%
…on a 5.4% inflation rate
*Good job, capitalism. You played yourself*
High yields have finally gone negative against inflation
For the first time
In history
There is now, what is basically, not a single safe place to put any money against inflationary rates
GG no re
Oh, second image is usd —> euro rates
Didnt think it would take this long, but we’re basically waiting for inflation index to come out for P7. July should indicated if we’re gonna be above a 5% rate. This should be the speculation most investors need that QE is failing and making it significantly worse. It’s around sept when they see Q4 reports and decide the market is in fact tumbling
Bitcoin breaches 29k for only second time. This time seems to have a deeper bearish sentiment than the previous resistance
I’m fucking laughing too hard that
So, I’ll give you a hint, most of the right lateral lines are a fibanocci cycle. Up and down lines are meant to represent timing of various flags. And most of the diagonal lines represent slopes to follow trajectory, ie buying and selling power
But the chart is obviously redundant humorous
This is one of the most beautiful things ever written about me and I will cherish.
It only took three years to get this out of prism
I can rest now
I value your commitment
Bitch
Welcome back to terms with Poe. Today we cover open interest.
Open interest is covered by the occ. this is the company that covers, distributes, holds, and executes contracts based on price action of a stock.
These brokers are not involved with nyse, but rather, they are a company self imposed and tied to the nyse.
Open interest is the reflection of the price of the contracts. Puts and calls.
There are covered puts and covered calls. There are married puts/calls(tied to non-closed transactions ie. Not covered).
Open interest is the measure of purchase volume in these contracts. Price is volatile? There might be an open interest in both ways of the contracts. Puts that are waaaaay out of the money? Low open interest because the price action would be a hard way down there.
Basically, price of the contracts reflect open interest and open interest reflects price of contracts based on price discovery.
*Communism intensifies*
“We hate the liberals so much that we are willing to be more Leninists than ever before!”
Oh, here’s your guys’ wheelhouse
The national debt ceiling needs to be decided soon by Congress to increase it
Last time they came to a not-so-agreement was in 2011
Oh, and china’s second largest land owning firm is going bust evidently.
Since they have a shadow banking system, it only matter because they keep finding new outlets of debt. Basically, they’ve been using bad cdo’s on off shooting debt into subsidiaries.
So, this would be China’s Leyman Brothers
Maryland pension assessment and investment is long on gme.
14/50 states are currently long on gme
China’s 2008
It’s official, China is essentially insolvent. Ever grande has set in motion probably the largest margin calls in history. It was archegos first and now them. I’m calling it now. This was a power move to pull the rug out from China before it hits the Eu and probably then the Us. No, lie. I wouldn’t be surprised if China gets ultimately aggressive and attempt some sort of political dominance to attempt to reestablish economic stability by fueling a fucking proxy war.
Rev up the war machine, boys! We got bonds to mint and money to print!
I have no idea what I’m talking about outside of microeconomic
Macroeconomics is… meh
If China was a shambling corpse walking around on trillions of dollars worth of falsified debt and I’d have no idea how it would affect the general political world.
GameStop to be moved to the S&P 400 midcap
Sometimes people don’t think it be how it do, but it do
“Progress” is a unique word
For this:
Oh, that resolution sucks balls
Inflation might be at 7% due to a processing error in the way the reserve calculates the indicator
Alabama is back up to a 23% rate of positivity
For Covid
Alabama, the window licker of the us
🚨reverse repo has hit **1 TRILLION DOLLARS**🚨
moratorium ends today
Freight deliveries backing up so back that old depo stations opening up in IL.
Ships can’t get into port for delivery in San Diego
And there’s talks about a second lockdown beginning of august
Jokes on you. Prattling is too obscure of a word for me to know or understand.
I do like the image, but I hate the British.
Jupe
Eat my ass
Out of all the things
When gme pops, I’m starting my own animation studio/cow sanctuary
You can rest up
And if gme doesn’t pop, then we’re all fucked
So, it doesn’t matter
How many do you want?
Because you’re without 1
Enough to spare is the answer
A number between 1xx and 2xx
Average around 80
Between 80 and 110 on three different accounts
Just in case one of my brokers become insolvent
Since this is where fiscal policy and politics mix
If this is true, I’d like to say, woah
This ain’t just wacky anymore, this is gonna get wild
I hate how close finances and politics are bedfellows
One, I’m somewhat well versed in, the other, I’m balls to walls full blown retardisco
The can be kickethed too long
Wait, this means the debt ceiling won’t be negotiated until mid September
Holy
Shit
From everything I've said in this chat, you haven't picked up that the exchange is fucked?
We are having a liquidity crisis, which indicates we are at peak market, ie, I can teach you how to *lose* money.
Meme stocks seem to be the only hedge against the impending crash
You can probably scrape out a decent penny with yolo'ing on derivatives such as calls, but from what we can gather, it's currently a fool's errand to touch anything right now.
I'd gather some cash you can expend, wait for the crash, wait for market to flat line, ride out all the incoming liquidations, and then buy at the lowest evaluation
Or you can buy a single amc, blackberry, nokia, or gamestop share.
All of these seem to be following the same algorithmic movements and there is satistical data that their price movements are not coincidence.
As for the lads in the server, the moass will probably be after the market bottoms out, so, we will get our treasure *after* the crash, but it doesn't matter because the us economy will be in the gutter and almost anything on the market will be a gamble wether or not it continues to survive, nonetheless grow.
Commodities such as lithium will do nice
Probably silicone futures as oil and petrol based products will be moved away from and lumber becomes more and more illiquid
Platinum for when microprocessors make a comeback as demand will surge somewhere by 2023
Think "green" because there was a lot of money keeping the market in the 20th century and old commodities alive on the exchange. It'll be the wild wild west after this coming crash.
@jupitermonkey4
If you got the cash, you got the idea
Put money where you think the future of growth will be
There will be plenty of etf that will extremely undervalued by the end of this all
The etf market seems to be one that is hyper inflated
You could probably retire by 50 if you found the correct one by the time some are worth pennies
Depending on how currency is looking
You can even go for municipal bonds.
If you think there’s going to be a big boom in a certain city. Invest in that city’s debt
Remember, you’re holding onto these for 10+ years after this. You are not a day trader.
Oh, and for the boys that will see their treasure. Consolidated debt can be purchased directly from hospitals. You can negotiate this debt and will more than likely be worth dollars as hospitals begin to realize the debt will never be repaid. Just for thought as the world would be a slightly less fucked place to pay off some family’s debt that came from their baby’s surgery.
Around March, the lead executive of the compliance arm for Credit Suess stepped down as a result of the Archegos incident. Right now, the replacement for the position, who was hired within 48 hours of the executive leaving has also taken her leave.
Effective immediately
Wonder. How. The. Briefing. For. That. Job. Is. Going
Ten year bonds today
Congress didn’t raise debt ceiling in a liquidity/collateral crisis.
About 400 billion left. 20 billion down on average per fiscal day.
We’ll be out of budget and reserve balance by around August 20-25
Wanna know how falsified our exchange is?
40% institutional holder is citadel(who controls volume)
1.5 million float(shares that are free to trade and not locked in holdings). 5 million shares outstanding(in existent)
Volume(amount of shares exchanged) for the day was 121 million shares
Don’t worry. They aren’t even hiding it anymore. The amount of illegal activity to establish pump and dumps is beyond the threshold of comedy.
It’s pushing the area of tragedy
You can consider these gasps. Because typically there would be “rumors” or otherwise huge speculation around an event like this. Make it zoom, get people to jump on, and let her rip to pull the rug out.
But… this just happened. Which means they’re fishing for sellers. They aren’t even trying to find paper hands to try to pull money from. They are just straight fishing for people that will sell high. Which makes them much less money than the aforementioned technique.
“Fuck you, Virginia.”
Most Californians: Help. Water. Anyone, please, we need water. For the love of god, the entire Pacific Northwest is in a drought and we haven’t had sustainable amounts of rain for 6 years.
Also, your great great grand uncle died in the most hilariously pioneer fashion I’ve ever heard
His hair is perfect
Treasury…. Wat doing?
That is a mouth full
But this does all tie together.
The thing I thought would happen was a bond squeeze. Bonds would be acquired by institutions at a rate that would render them worth trading more than they would yield, thus sending them negative. Nope, that’s off the table as the reverse repo is hitting trillions. The issue now is that large countries are offloading their us treasury bonds. This increases their yield rates as countries begin to lose faith in the usd. This would require the treasury to increase purchases of their own debt, but as the yield rate increases so does the debt to buy back our own debt. So, see that 442 billion? That’s how much money we have left to do this dance.
The longer we don’t increase the ceiling, the more countries try and offload. The more countries begin to offload, the more the us needs to purchase their own treasuries to sustain yields. But this drains the amount of money left faster and increases the need to raise the ceiling.
Seeds. Seeds will be the new currency.
Also, I won’t bother with the political bullshit, but it does go hand in hand with what’s happening
Guess the Gop can just straight up hold the debt increase hostage
Or something. I don’t know. These ancient cretins wouldn’t be able to understand what’s happening and do something decisive before we’re buying 600 dollar loaves of bread at any rate
I’m sure there were a lot of “yeah yeah yeahs” as the financial sector tried to tenderly tell them they fucked up.
This is from our conspiracy channel
Also, I think that there’s a significantly decent chance that Gavin Newsom is going to be recalled
If the sample size I’ve gathered is any indicator
Dems and Reps alike
Warren is still running her Republican slander campaign on commercials
So I presume… no
Her commercial is basically: dems, please, remember that Republicans are bad. Don’t recall Gavin.
There’s still sidewalk protesters too
Oh, guys we taking aim
Over and over and over again
We get our ballads soon
Ballots
Fuck I’m retarded
We get our ballets soon
Also, gubernatorial
Lord
Would you believe in the simulation at that point?
He was a governor
He was more the governator
Than an actual governor
If you recall, Arny was in office for 2008
Governor. He should have ran for President
Fuck
You’re right
Can he be Vice President
I want Cait Jenner and The Vice Presinator
For frontrunners in 2024
The writers keep outdoing themselves season after season
Complimentary guns with free safety classes
“Sir, can you tell us about an artist named *looks at paper* Area?”
“Next question.”
I’d probably get in a lot of trouble from my attorneys in how I fuck with questions that have nothing to do with my policies.
“Sir, what’s your fiscal policy?”
In my mind, I won
He lives in my nightmares, but I live in his
San Jose criminology professor arrested for arson
Oh, also
Gme’s volume was 911,000 today. I didn’t even fucking notice. Typically, I’m pretty aware, but eh today.
Uh, if you’d recall on Jan 22 it was around 195 million
Truly a “wtf” moment
In the microeconomics world
Germany didn’t have a single exchange on their market for gme today until, and I’m not joking, someone from Superstonks found out there wasn’t a single exchange and bought one. The ticker volume went to 1 four minutes after this transaction.
Well, think about this, at that moment in Jan, there were only meant to be about 20 million shares in circulation
That’s called a free float
There were, at that time in Jan, 65 million shares outstanding
In existence. Some being retained by the company and have been recently sold to give GS a 2 billion dollar buffer
Now there are 77 million outstanding shares, but only because there was a At The Market sale for this 2 billion dollars
If this seems funny. It is
Sorry, 65 million
Just in case no one has been listening to me, these are the fundamentals of the moass
The numbers that don’t add up
The idea of the negative beta is this: gme has a negative beta of 2. -2 beta means that it means against the general market at a value of 2.
This is because hedgefucks are overleveraged. Hedgefunds are overleveraged? Means that their prime brokers are on the hook for their losses. Prime brokers on the hook for losses? Means that banks are going to pay for the losses. Banks pay for the losses? Treasury either needs to cut ties or quantitative ease. Oops, but wait, QE is losing effectiveness because inflation rates are going to the moon instead
Moass is a a deflationary action in the economy and might be the only cure
I’ve been saying this for months in plain English
Yes, a cdo is a derivative
Same with options
The derivatives market is currently sitting at 1.4 quadrillion dollars in unrealized value
A thousand and four trillions
A derivative is anything backed by an asset that contains no equity itself
It’s typical function is collateral. As a matter of fact, you can package most anything as a derivative so long as there’s a buyer. You can even sell off short positions as swaps.
Wink wink
This is the point
You usually can’t
The more and more this occurs, the more and more divorced from reality the market becomes.
That’s because most of the derivatives market is made of worthless items such as swaps that will never be realized
There’s still money in it, but it can be bought for a certain amount and then used to marginally purchase something else
Like buying a plot of land, putting that land against a loan and using that loan to purchase a car
But for trillions
Not YoY when adjusted for CPI
Not to mention historic doesn’t mean that it’s affordable. New lows could be the new highs in reference to how little wiggle room interest rates have.
When interest rates were healthy, we could afford some inflation.
But right now, when adjusted for inflation, most companies on the s&p large cap aren’t actually making money
These long term loans that banks are giving out these large companies are now underwater
(Negative)
**416 billion left**
I repeat. The treasury at its current rate has between 20-35 days to continue the asset purchases until stagnation, postponement, and defaulting on obligations
*Takes huge gasping breath*
Do you want the real answer?
How many sentences?
I can do it in one
I’d be yelling at an old lady in a wheelchair begging for change how the financial world is walking a tightrope made of a single strain of pubic hair on the corner of Payne and Santa Mas Expressway
I can make mountains out of molehills and gold out of Jautice farts
Anyhow, this is it Jupe. Pay attention. Ceiling mean Uncle Sam can continue making big purchases. Big purchases include paying for t bond yields. T bond yields make foreign bodies like t bonds. Have huge faith in usd. If ceiling is no raised, t bonds don’t get yields paid. Not stable investment. Not good for foreign bodies because they don’t get stable investment. They go elsewhere.
Faith in usd futures go down. Yield go up. Treasury can’t pay big yield. Sad times.
Yes, there are derivatives(etf’s) made of treasury bonds. There are mutual funds that make up these etf’s. There are also etf’s that are made of these mutual funds. How far does the rabbit hole go? Fuck if I know, but it’s deep and it’s filling with water.
September will be interesting
Anyone remember during the blm riots, the spontaneously spawning pallets of bricks that were placed conspicuously next to large private buildings. Wilds times guys. Wild times.
From the Nasdaq website for P/E ratios
Dtcc is expecting defaults. Look at all those acronyms to confuse purposefully. This basically says that there are extended contracts outside of the dtcc’s control that participants *will* default on.
Clowns
So… taliban government
Huh
Wild
Isn’t that kinda like the equivalent if the Qanon group actually managed to take over the Senate
Wasn’t this all about a proxy war with Russia a long ass time ago that never settled, then an American occupation, now a withdrawal?
Inb4 Taliban go full Mongolian and start to siege the Chinese Muslim camps
I want to see if this actually gives India some play if it truly has to allocate decision for the nearby rowdy Afghans.
If China
Sorry, I fuck that sentence
Imagine, being pro taliban in 2026
They completely turn Afghanistan around
Pakistan number one
What is that video where the school is asking people how much they love Pakistan
Fuck yes. That kid wants to be an army
God, Indian people love Shelley
Don’t worry, I’ll take care of him, boys. Gruesome Newsom won’t touch a single unsolicited horse in its no-no zone ever again.
Don’t worry, that’s not my address
But the QR codes will send you to some political cringe fest
Just in case you guys don’t know how it works
Now you know how it feels when you talk computer science nerd vomit to each other.
This is mostly directed slightly at Fen and to my other nerd friends who tongue blast each other’s throats with shit 99.4% of people don’t understand.
I voted for Fowlkner
Foulconor
Faulconer
Falconer
Arose from the dead just to kick Gavin Newsom’s ass
Every Friday for the previous 15 weeks have given the United States a surplus to the u.s treasury expenditure budget. Last Friday will mark the first time for 15 weeks that it is a deficit on a monday(Friday’s report)
Will congress… do anything? Will Biden approve of some random emergency funding? How will Afghanistan be blamed for China’s inevitable default? Find out in three weeks, from… POETRY ARE WE
The chocolate chip cookie indicator
Weird.
Reverse repo went from 1.01 trillion yesterday to 1.11 trillion as of today
71 participants yester to 81 participants today
Fed say they are implementing tapering and halting asset buybacks by EoM. Dow down 1000 from monday.
Taliban is a legitimate politcal party now. Get with the times, old man.
Taliban at this moment:
Gme subreddit, everyone
:6clapWillow: these are the bunch of morons that are about to bankrupt billion dollar entities
1.50 --> .80 Get played Fannie
I wonder if this is it. Probably not, but if it is, I warned you all.
Oh. Yes, baby. I found my candidate
One more, with love
How do I give two people my vote?
There’s also a 22 year old in here
And a man who’s political campaigns summary is just “Love U”
I actually voted for him in his initial run that re-elected Newsom
What a fucking hill to die on
A desolate, wasted, dehydrated, famished Californian hill
Can’t wait for all the Katelyn Jenner Memes
When she gets elected
Very. But man, the reality we have the potentially live in
I guess, for me and being here, it seemed even more thrown from left field
Just one day, I was earning my weekly bread rations, the next, she’s in the running
Trump has his hands at least dipped *somewhere* in the financial sector. He, I think, at least understood how the market worked to a degree.
Once again, speculating heavily
Kat is an ex Olympian sprinter(?)
Long jumper?
Gazuntite
I wouldn’t doubt it. I guess I’m not up to snuff on my Jenner knowledge enough to know that she was involved in contractual negotiations…
For federal land rights
In a foreign country
That’s pretty legit
You could also be saddled through things like that unless she was the one doing the direct obligations.
Just don’t know enough
I would guess it takes a small army to square up embassy land rights
Oh
Good for him
It’s definitely the more obvious of the two
Okay, so, to be perfectly frank, it has lowered my standing significantly for jenner now that I know she hasn’t dealt with foreign entities
I’m trying to figure out human but it isn’t natural
All the proof you need
Someone is voting for this person on the grounds that he loved them
Did the underdog win?
His political slogan was “don’t vote for me”
They admitted every crime they committed as an opener to their summary?
Oh, good.
I love democracy
Oh, okay. One more
Image
I present
The human version of the grandpa from up
It would be your honor
That’s a terrible title
The eighties were full of things that never should have became but became just to prove that it could be fueled by cocaine
Parabolic
What’s an exit strategy?
One of these times in these parabolic cycles, they won’t have anything left to give and let it go over 500. That’s the I make you guys millionaires
Nice and steady
No need for any candle gaps
Just a slow easy stride up the hill will do
Create the resistances on the way up
Downward pressure is released while there’s a easy sloping upwards
Then… once we get above 300, we close and we see what happens to those that require closing their positions
This was predicted 41 days ago to the day and was understood in its significance about 4-5 months ago.
Every 50 or so **trading days**, there is a large quantities of deep ootm (married) puts expiring 21 days from a gamma ramp
They really should have never fucked with Reddit mods, people that don’t get paid to do a frustrating job, gamers, and autists
Reminder: you don’t sell at 1,000. You don’t sell at 10,000. You don’t even look at the fucking price until it hits 100,000. Even then, the sub will hold. Superstonks, the subreddit alone holds the float several times over. If they own the stock, they own the price. Enjoy the ride. My bet is that this won’t be the last parabolic cycle.
It’ll be the next one, after the inevitable collapse of Main Street.
Reverse repo by week average
From 12 million dollars to 1.1 trillion in 6 months
You can think of the rrpo market as the little hole at the top of your sink. The higher the water level, the more water is going to start getting sucked down that emergency hole.
Rrpo market is taking liquidity out of the market. This is an attempt to deflate the currency as there’s too much money in the system.
The higher the water level, the less and less the market values the usd as it’s being used for more and more risky bets.
These risky bets are mostly going to hold against more risky bets, but as the inflation becomes higher, it overwhelms the yield of the these risky bets.
Eventually, the water level will be so high that there will be no sustainable bet on the market when held against the rising level of the devaluation of the usd.
That is if one of the risky bets fails before the water level goes down, pulling away what the water level is being held against
This would be another hole. And another. And another and another
They are held against letting the sink overflow so heavily that nothing in the sink matters or destroying the sink with more and more bad holes
I can smell it. It’s nigh. Somethings boiling and I can hear the kettle whistling. Be cautious for it’s not our last. Be vigilant for we know not the outcome. Be aware for they have done the things that things cause other things. Superstonks is sticking things up their asses again based on price action. I smell the reckoning.
Alright, sept 1st. Reverse repo can no longer be used as collateral against marginal leverage.
Prepare for the bond squeeze
The timing
No successor named
Also :ThonkFalling:
While chancellor steps down after 16 years. Interesting timing.
“She isn’t stepping down. Her term is up.”
@jupitermonkey4 looks like you and me got some partnership to work out
Joe rogan got Covid and immediately downed horse dewormer, aquarium cleaner, and prednisone
Dudes got a brew even a 17th century alchemist wouldn’t touch
Churning in his body right now
He’s prolific enough… why not just go get an antibody infusion.
Name a state you know of in the United States of America. 
Spread it cocksuckers
We’re taking down amazon
All of Amazon’s recent endeavors for company movement happened to be basketed with the same areas of the market that spiked in January.
Not only that, but dead companies such as blockbuster and Sears also spiked, albeit that they’re delisted now, but the shorts never close. They stay open, they just take the funds that aren’t taxed.
They use those shorted stocks and package them as swaps for collateral to go back into the market and increase their position against the delisted positions.
This movie is getting very interesting now.
It’s the infinite money glitch… except when a company doesn’t go bankrupt in this technical procedure. That’s when every single shorted position now sold to institutions loses value on the swaps and they are forced to increase their position against the collateralized swap.
Bazos is Lex Luther and amazon is frost enterprises*
250k jobs added aug. estimates sat at 200,000 for bars/eateries alone.
You can hear the gears screeching
I blame immigrants and the poor
The entire document:
No one saw this coming
Not a soul would imagine that whales would pump and dump something that they used to be able to hold a 1:200 leverage on with extremely high volatility
It’ll climb back, but the entire crypto market got liquidated probably to the tune of billions in a couple minutes.
Someone told me they read my comment strings like a noir novel
This was the result as I harnessed my inner Rorschach
Surprisingly, this is more of an upset than the entire Biden admin’s actions put together. Who would have thought
I mean, the labor shortage that he was speculating in a different manner is coming to fruition. It’s a completely different scenario than he was concluding but the end results are the same. Companies don’t pay people, people don’t purchase commodities, commodities rise out of the expenditures of normal folks, companies fail. It’s weird that the speculation was that companies would just base their manufacturing on automation when now their struggling to keep any turnover basis.
But either way, he’s right. When companies don’t need people, where will the basis for income be provided?
Mandates! Should help people get to work
It’s not like what I just said previously is isn’t still in affect. I’m sure people working for a business with more than 100 employees will love to get the poke. There is gonna be a lot of opening soon for fortune 500’s. Hang on to your Jebs.
Contrary, though. We have a fuck ton of people who are already vaccinated. I’m wondering how many will just up and get lost. I’m sure the number will be above zero.
So this glitch keeps rearing it’s head
Don’t worry boys, just like inflation, this glitch is transitory
You okay, Goldman?